Possible Bearish Harami Candle Pattern Detected for Blue Coat Systems
(NASDAQ:BCSI) | FINANCIAL NEWS NETWORK ONLINE







  

 



Search
















* HOME
* TOP STORIES
* TOP VIDEOS
* VIDEOS
  o Analyst Actions
  o Earnings
  o In The News
  o Market Snapshot
  o Sector Updates

* INTERVIEWS
* SURVEILLANCE
* EARNINGS
* ANALYST REFLECTION












* View
* Track



Possible Bearish Harami Candle Pattern Detected for Blue Coat Systems
(NASDAQ:BCSI)





Published on Mon, 09/05/2011 - 06:44
By Adrienne Chilton in Candlestick, BCSI, bearish am harami, blue coat
systems, nasdaq:bcsi



Analysts have spotted a possible bearish harami candle pattern in Blue
Coat Systems (NASDAQ:BCSI) based on the price action in the
companyâs shares. Friday's real body is within Thursday's body and
may imply that traders and investors believe that the recent uptrend may
be nearing an end. A move down today would confirm this trend reversal.
Also, the narrower the red body yesterday, the more reliable the harami.
Last Friday, Blue Coat Systems traded 1.6 million shares vs. average
volume of 1.2 million shares per day. The company traded 3.0 million
shares on Thursday.

Blue Coat Systems (NASDAQ:BCSI) defies analysts with a current price
($15.43) 2.5% above its average consensus price target of $15.05. The
stock should find initial resistance at its 50-day moving average (MA) of
$18.64 and further resistance at its 200-day MA of $25.12.

In the past 52 weeks, shares of Blue Coat Systems have traded between a
low of $12.25 and a high of $32.22 and are now at $15.43, which is 26%
above that low price. Over the past week, the 200-day moving average (MA)
has gone down 1.1% while the 50-day MA has declined 3.4%.

Blue Coat Systems, Inc. provides Web security solutions that increase the
protection and control of enterprise Web infrastructures. The Company's
Web security appliances are dedicated port 80 security solutions built to
protect corporate networks against Web-based viruses, unfiltered Web
communication, and inappropriate Web content. Blue Coat serves a wide
range of industries.



By Adrienne Chilton
achilton@fnno.com











Latest News from FNNO








Ecolab Announces Share Repurchase Plan (...


Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) announced it plans to undertake a $1 billion share
repurchase program ...






Pfizer Announces Tender Offer Period, As...


Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) announces tender offer period, as extended of initial
completion tend ...






Kratos Defense Receives $4.2 Million In ...


Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (NASDAQ:KTOS) that it has received
new contract awa ...






AES Corp. Announces CEO Transition (AES...


The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) announced that President and Chief
Executive Officer Pau ...








DirecTV Out of Battle for Hulu (DTV)...


According to sources, The Financial Times reported that DirecTV
(NASDAQ:DTV) has been r ...






Possible Bullish Harami Candle Pattern D...


Analyzing the price chart for Nippon Telegraph & Telephone (NYSE:NTT) has
revealed a pote ...






Possible Bullish Engulfing Pattern Detec...


Analyzing the price chart for DRDGOLD (NASDAQ:DROOY) has revealed a
potential bullish eng ...






Possible Bearish Harami Candle Pattern D...


Analysts have spotted a possible bearish harami candle pattern in Crimson
Exploration (NAS ...















Most Read






AeroVironment Adds 6.5%, Wins More Than $4.8 Mln Order



AeroVironment (AVAV) says it received an order valued at $4,862,674 under
a contract with the Norwegian...




Praxair Bested Q2 Estimates, Upped 2011 EPS Guidance



Praxair (NYSE:PX) reported Q2 EPS of $1.38, ahead of consensus estimates
of $1.37 per share. Revenues for...




Sellers Abandoning Shares of Evergreen Income Advantage Fund on 4.4x
Above-Average Volume (EAD)



Evergreen Income Advantage Fund's stock is down 1.5% to $9.18 on heavy
trading volume. Today's volume of...




GM to Offer Free Auto Insurance to Oregon and Washington Residents



General Motors (NYSE:GM) plans to offer free auto insurance though
MetLife (NYSE:MET) for one year to...




Earnings Look Ahead: In 7 Days Steelcase Releases its Quarterly Numbers
(SCS)



Steelcase (NYSE:SCS) is expected by analysts to report earnings of $0.14
per share on sales of $644.0...

























* Home
* About
* FNNO Team
* Contact Us
* Legal
* Privacy Statement
* Top Stories
* Top Videos
* Interviews
* Surveillance
* Earnings
* Analyst Reflection





Most Commented






Barron&#039;s Says Mosaic May Be A Good Investment As Potash Supply
Remains Tight (MOS)

13 Comments



YRC Worldwide: New 52-Week Low Set Today (YRCW)

9 Comments



World Wrestling Entertainment Shares Down 9% After Issuing Weak Q4 Profit
Guidance (WWE)

7 Comments



Sellers Abandoning Shares of PIMCO High Income Fund on 3.4x Above-Average
Volume (PHK)

6 Comments



Recent 52-Week High Exceeded in Shares of Cell Therapeutics (CTIC)

5 Comments









Copyright 2011, Financial News Network Online











