IN RE eBAY, INC., DERIVATIVE LITIGATION - September 2, 2011.

{"parsetags": "explicit"}





 








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










• IN RE eBAY,...  



 


&nbsp;&nbsp;View&nbsp;Case  



Cited&nbsp;Cases
  


Citing&nbsp;Cases  

()
   

 | Follow Leagle on Twitter   | 











 













 








IN RE eBAY, INC., DERIVATIVE LITIGATION






IN RE: EBAY, INC., DERIVATIVE LITIGATION.

This Document Relates to: ALL ACTIONS.






Civ. No. 10-470-LPS.





United States District Court, D. Delaware.







September 2, 2011.





John V. Work, LAW OFFICES OF JOHN V. WORK P.A., Wilmington, DE; Kenneth
J. Vianale, VIANALE & VIANALE LLP, Boca Raton, FL; Ronen Sarraf, Joseph
Gentile, SARRAF GENTILE LLP, New York, NY, Attorneys for Plaintiff;

William M. Lafferty, Ryan D. Stottmann, Pauletta J. Brown, MORRIS,
NICHOLS, ARSHT & TUNNELL LLP, Wilmington, DE, Attorneys for Individual
Defendants and nominal Defendant eBay;

Edward D. Hassi, New York, NY; Thomas P. Brown, San Francisco, CA,
O'MELVENY & MYERS LLP, Attorneys for nominal Defendant eBay.




===========================================================================


Ã‚Â 

Ã‚Â 





MEMORANDUM OPINION




LEONARD P. STARK, District Judge.

This shareholder securities lawsuit presents issues regarding federal
antitrust laws and demand futility. Pending before the Court is the
individual defendants' motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to
state a claim on which relief may be granted. (D.I. 11; see also C. A.
No. 10-471-LPS D.I. 8) For the reasons that follow, the Court will grant
the motion.



I.Ã‚Â BACKGROUND1



Plaintiff Robert F. Booth Trust ("Plaintiff"), a shareholder of eBay,
Inc. ("eBay" or "the Company") at all relevant times, initiated the
instant lawsuit on May 28, 2010.2 (D.I. 1 at 4) In the complaint,
Plaintiff names the individual members of eBay's board of directors as
defendants.3 (D.I. 1 at 4-11) The complaint is styled as a derivative
action on behalf of the Company and also lists eBay as a nominal
defendant. (D.I. 1 at 4) The complaint alleges that by renominating Dawn
Lepore, a long-time eBay board member, to serve another term on the
Company's board of directors, in Ml knowledge that Lepore was serving
simultaneously on the board of directors of the New York Times Company
("NY Times"), eBay's board of directors violated Ã‚Â§ 8 of the Clayton
Act, which prohibits directors of one company from serving on the board
of a competing company. See 5 U.S.C. Ã‚Â§ 19 (2006).



A.Ã‚Â The Businesses



eBay, a Delaware corporation with its headquarters in California, was
founded by Pierre Omidyar Ã¢Â€Â” also a named defendant Ã¢Â€Â” in 1995 as
a place to "sell virtually everything under the sun." (D.I. 12 at 4)
Since 1995, eBay has expanded to become "the world's largest online
marketplace, where practically anyone can buy and sell practically
anything." (D.I. 1 at 2; id. at 6) eBay divides its business model into
two primary segments: Marketplaces and Payments.4 (D.I. 12 Ex. A at 1)
The Marketplaces component includes eBay's main website, ebay.com, along
with several other websites, including the Company's "online classifieds
businesses." (Id.) According to eBay, its classifieds websites are
available in over 1,000 cities worldwide and generate revenue primarily
through advertising. (D.I. 1 at 12)


===========================================================================


Ã‚Â <<PrevÃ‚Â  Ã‚Â 1Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 2Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 3Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 4Ã‚Â Ã‚Â 
Ã‚Â 5Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 6Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 7Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 8Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 9Ã‚Â Ã‚Â 
Ã‚Â 10Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â Next&gt;&gt;Ã‚Â 




===========================================================================


Footnotes


===========================================================================


1. On a motion to dismiss, the Court must accept all factual allegations
contained in the complaint as true and makes all inferences in the light
most favorable to the non-moving party. See Oshiver v. Levin, Fishbein,
Sedran & Berman,Ã‚Â 38 F.3d 1380, 1384 (3d Cir. 1994).

Back to Reference

2. On the same day, a separate lawsuit was filed in this District against
the same defendants by a different plaintiff, Ronald Gross. See C.A. No.
10-471-LPS. The two cases raised identical issues, and the parties
subsequently agreed to consolidate them. (C.A. No. 07-471-LPS D.I. 18)
All references to the docket index in this Memorandum Opinion are to C.A.
No. 07-470-LPS, unless otherwise noted.

Back to Reference

3. The individual defendants are: Fred D. Anderson, Marc L. Andreessen,
Edward W. Barnholt, Phillipe M. Bourguignon, Scott D. Cook, John J.
Donahoe, William C. Ford, Jr., Dawn G. Lepore, David M. Moffett, Pierre
M. Omidyar, Richard T. Schlossberg, and Thomas J. Tierney. (D.I. 1)

Back to Reference

4. eBay's business model previously included a "Communications"
component, which consisted essentially of Skype. In November 2009, eBay
sold Skype and eBay no longer considers Communications as part of its
business. (D.I. 12 Ex. A at 1)

Back to Reference

5. The statute provides, in relevant part, "No person shall, at the same
time, serve as a director or officer in any two corporations . . . that
are . . . engaged . . . in commerce . . . [and] by virtue of their
business and location of operation, competitors, so that the elimination
of competition by agreement between them would constitute a violation of
any of the antitrust laws. . . ." 5 U.S.C. Ã‚Â§ 19(a)(1) (2006).

Back to Reference

6. The parties raise a peripheral issue about standing under the Clayton
Act. eBay asserts that Plaintiff's suit must be derivative because
Plaintiff does not have standing to pursue a direct Clayton Act
violation. (D.I. 12 at 15 n.9) Plaintiff responds he is proceeding
derivatively on behalf of eBay, so he has standing regardless of whether
he can prove any "antitrust injury." (D.I. 24 at 14 n.7) Given the
Court's ruling on demand futility, the Court need not resolve the
antitrust injury dispute.

Back to Reference

7. Since eBay is a Delaware corporation, Delaware law governs the
analysis of whether to excuse demand. See generally Kamen v. Kemper Fin.
Servs.,Ã‚Â 500 U.S. 90 (1991).

Back to Reference

8. Plaintiff seeks to excuse demand based, in part, on statements made in
the Company's brief supporting its motion to dismiss. (D.I. 24 at 12) In
its brief, eBay states: "Plaintiff does not and cannot allege facts to
sustain his antitrust claim." (D.I. 12 at 1) From the use of the word
"cannot," Plaintiff contends that "the board has apparently already
determined that there is no Section 8 violation claim to be brought."
(D.I. 24 at 13) Thus, according to Plaintiff, the board is not
open-minded to the possibility of a Section 8 violation Ã¢Â€Â” and,
therefore, is not independent and cannot be trusted to address any
potential Clayton Act violations. The Court disagrees with Plaintiff's
position. Arguments made in a brief are not evidence. Plaintiff's
reliance on Klein v. Broadhead, 2004 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 919, at *42, *74
(S.D. Fla. Jan 20, 2004) Ã¢Â€Â” in which a defendant corporation had made
statements in its public filings about the merits of its defenses in a
litigation Ã¢Â€Â” does not persuade the Court to the contrary.

Back to Reference

9. For example, eBay points out that regulators, despite clearly being
aware of Ms. Lepore's dual service on both boards, have not taken any
enforcement action. (D.I. 12 at 14 n.6)

Back to Reference

10. The complaint does not allege whether the board had the benefit of an
opinion of counsel when it decided to re-nominate Lepore.

Back to Reference

11. Plaintiff has not asserted that the directors were motivated by a
subjective intent to harm the corporation.

Back to Reference

12. Plaintiff cites to paragraphs 35 and 59 in its complaint for the
proposition that eBay publicly acknowledged that NY Times was a
competitor. (Tr. at 28; see also D.I. 1 at Ã‚Â¶ 35; id. at Ã‚Â¶ 59)
Neither of these paragraphs, however, contains an explicit statement that
eBay and NY Times are competitors. Instead, what these paragraphs recite
is the same 2009 10-K that the Court discussed above. The complaint does
not contain any reference to an explicit statement in which eBay
acknowledges that it competes with NY Times.

Back to Reference

13. Indeed, the two cases share more than factual and legal allegations.
They also share the same plaintiffs: the Robert F. Booth Trust and Ronald
Gross. See Crowley, 2010 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18355, at *1.

Back to Reference

14. Plaintiff has requested leave to amend the complaint. (D.I. 24 at 20;
see also Tr. at 32) Plaintiff's rationale is that he could point to "some
things in their papers which I think reveal the board's state of mind."
(Tr. at 32) But adding information from Defendants' briefs in this action
would not change the Court's analysis. Thus, an additional amendment
would be futile. Accordingly, the Court denies Plaintiff's request for
leave to amend the complaint.

Back to Reference



 

Click here for unpaginated view
===========================================================================








• COMMONWEALTH v. SILEO


• ERAUSQUIN v. NOTZ, STUCKI MANAGEMENT (BERMUDA) LIMITED


• IN RE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES, INC.


• PAUL v. WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK


• STATE v. LUGO-PAGAN


• U.S. v. BUTLER


• COMEAUX v. BROWN & WILLIAMSON TOBACCO CO.


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK



 





• TULI v. BRIGHAM & WOMEN'S HOSPITAL


• COMMONWEALTH v. SILEO


• AmBASE CORPORATION v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION


• STATE v. LANKFORD


• S.E.C. v. KENTON CAPITAL, LTD.


• BUDGET RENT A CAR CORPORATION v. COREGIS INSURANCE COMPANY


• BLOM v. BARNHART


• STATE v. PIOLETTI


• STATE v. LANG


• ALFADDA v. FENN





  














• 
Seattle seeking to direct the state attorney general to withdraw the
state from a suit challenging the federal health care reform law



• 
The Due Process Clause and the government's detention of an immigrant for
nearly 3 years



• 
Claim over underground storage tanks on farmland purchased for a nature
preserve



• 
Whether a gun manufacturer should have outfitted a revolver with a safety
lock



• 
Claims related to patent applications



1 2 3 4 5 ...


Click here to search for Archival Cases









Disclaimer     :::     Terms&nbsp;of&nbsp;Use     :::     Privacy
Statement     :::     About&nbsp;Us     :::     Contact&nbsp;Us     :::  
  Copyright Ã‚Â© 2010 &nbsp;&nbsp;Leagle, Inc.


