UPI Thoroughbred Racing Roundup














* Home
* Account
* Research Tools
* Educate
* Contribute
* News
* Sectors
* Premium
* About Us



* Subscribe
* Login
* Manage Account

* Quote and Research
* Stock Charts
* Earnings Calendar
* Technical Scans

* Chart School
* Tutorials
* Learning Center
* Glossary

* Submit Article
* Join Blog Network
* Rate Broker
* Rate Software

* About Us
* Contact Us
* Advertise With Us
* Terms and Conditions
* Privacy Policy







Top News :  



* Wall Street To Open Sharply Lower On Global Worries; Hot Stocks: BAC,
  JPM, C, PAY, SUN

* Standard Life offers more choice to investors by adding seven
  segregated funds and new investment styles

* Atlanta hotel occupancy, rates show increase

* Swiss franc slumps, European stocks recover poise

* Novartis fights patent rejection in Indian court

* SuperGen to begin operations as Astex Pharmaceuticals

* Oil falls to near $84 on global slowdown fears

* EDITORIAL: All about jobs: Washington must come together on a real
  plan

* World stocks mixed amid dour economic signals

* EDITORIAL: Obama must come up with something new


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;










UPI Thoroughbred Racing Roundup


Monday, September 05, 2011 6:15 AM









* 
*  
* 
*  
* 
* 
*  
* 
* Tweet
* 
* 













Havre de Grace is starting to look like a potential successor to the last
two Horse of the Year honorees -- Rachel Alexandra and Zenyatta.

Like those two champion fillies, Havre de Grace now has made her mark by
defeating males on the square. And she did it Saturday in the same race
Rachel Alexandra won two years ago -- the Woodward Stakes at Saratoga.

Since finishing third in last year's Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic, Havre
de Grace had run roughshod over competitors of her own gender, losing
only once in four previous starts this year -- that to her frequent
rival, Blind Luck, by a nose in the Delaware Handicap.

But she had never tackled males -- especially a field like the Woodward,
stuffed full of graded stakes winners.

Havre de Grace held a strategic position down the backstretch as Rule
made the early lead with Mission Impazible between them. When jockey
Ramon Dominguez let out a notch on his hold, Havre de Grace responded
quickly, moving into contention around the turn and into the stretch.

She caught Rule with less than a furlong to run and gradually drew clear,
eventually winning by 1 1/4 lengths over fast-finishing Flat Out. Rule
held third, followed by Mission Impazible, Giant Oak, Ice Box, Mambo
Meister and Convocation.

Havre de Grace, a 4-year-old, Kentucky-bred Saint Liam filly, finished
the 9 furlongs on a fast track in 1:49.18.

Asked about potential Horse of the Year honors, winning trainer Larry
Jones said, "I definitely think we're in the picture. I think we were in
the picture before, maybe a low-profile picture. But I think this puts us
up there with everyone else. We have to continue on. It's not over today,
by any means.

"We said to ourselves, we were going to put her in a position to earn a
championship if she was good enough. By coming here today we gave her the
opportunity to move closer to a championship. I think she did it. I think
we're in front of the division."

Winning the year's top honor, however, could require more and Havre de
Grace's connections know that. Jones said her next race will be against
other distaffers because "we don't want to knock her out before the
Breeders' Cup."

And would that be the Breeders' Cup Classic, Larry, or the Ladies'
Classic?

"Who knows?" he replied. "Believe me, we're considering both."

In another potential Classic preps, at Arlington Park outside Chicago,
Mr. Mardi Gras rallied smartly from the back of the pack to edge
pacesetting favorite Workin for Hops in Saturday's $100,000, Grade III
Washington Park Handicap. Maristar also made a late run to finish third
and his rider, E.T. Baird, then lodged an objection against the first two
finishers. After review, the stewards moved Maristar up to second but
left Mr. Mardi Gras in the winner's circle.

The 4-year-old, Kentucky-bred Belong to Me gelding ran the 9 furlongs on
the all-weather track in 1:51.60. It was his first graded stakes score
and fifth win from 17 overall starts.

"They told me to stay off the pace and they didn't want me to be too
close," winning rider Eddie Perez said. "I took my shot pretty good and
my horse ran very hard. He handled the Polytrack fine but he would have
won by more on the grass." The winner is trained by Chris Block, who also
saddled Giant Oak in the Woodward.



===========================================================================


Other races with potential impact on the Breeders' Cup World
Championships Nov. 4-5 at Churchill Downs, or other year-end events
around the globe:


===========================================================================


Ladies Classic

Ask the Moon led from the start in Saturday's $300,000, Grade I Personal
Ensign Stakes at Saratoga, held her position well into the stretch and
shook clear late to win by 2 3/4 lengths. Pachattack chased the winner
and finished second, a head in front of Tiz Miz Sue. Ask the Moon, a
6-year-old, Maryland-bred Malibu Moon mare, covered the 1 1/4 miles on a
fast track in 2:04.21 under Javier Castellano, backing up her long shot
victory July 31 in the Ruffian. Before that, she was claimed June 15 for
$75,000. The Personal Ensign was delayed a week because of Hurricane
Irene. "She has been here for about a week due to the hurricane," said
Heather Irion, assistant to winning trainer Marty Wolfson. "She obviously
loves this track. She's been amazing. We never dreamed she would do this
when we claimed her. Marty loved her. He told me when he sent her over,
'This filly is really special to me.' But I think she has blown us away
with two Grade 1 wins right off the bat."

Quiet Giant took complete charge in the stretch run of Saturday's
$250,000 Hill 'N' Dale Molly Pitcher Stakes at Monmouth Park, winning off
by 5 furlongs with Payton d'Oro second and Absinthe Minded third. Quiet
Giant, a 4-year-old, Virginia-bred Giant's Causeway filly, ran the 1 1/16
miles on a fast track in 1:43.32. "She broke very sharply today and got
us into the race early," winning jockey Julien Leparoux said. "She was so
sharp today. After getting us involved in the race early, she just did
everything on her own. Every time you ask her, she gives you the answer."
The Todd Pletcher trainee now has won seven of her 12 career starts.


===========================================================================


Turf

So You Think held off a stubborn Snow Fairy to win Saturday's Group 1
Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown in Ireland by a quarter length. It
was another 6 1/2 lengths back to Famous Name in third. So You Think, the
former Australian champion, ran the 1 1/4 miles on good turf in 2:04.20
with Seamie Heffernan up for trainer Aidan O'Brien. He is a 5-year-old,
New Zealand-bred son of High Chapparal. So You Think, winner over
Workforce last time out in the Coral Eclipse, now could be pointed
directly to the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. However, O'Brien told the
Racing Post, "We think he can take more racing and he's ready for a busy
campaign. Nothing's definite, but he could drop to a mile for the QEII
[where he might face Frankel] or go for the Champion Stakes." Both are on
British Champions Day, Oct. 15 at Ascot. "There's also the Arc to
consider. Nothing's decided." Snow Fairy, a globe-trotting filly, has not
won since copping the Hong Kong Cup last December with an impressive late
run. Trainer Ed Dunlop had been looking for a race for her for weeks and
her stubborn effort Saturday promised more through the fall months.

Banned was a little overmatched by some foreign competition three weeks
ago in the Secretariat Stakes at Arlington, finishing third. Sunday,
against West Coast 3-year-olds, he was just good enough in the $250,000,
Grade II Del Mar Derby. After catching pacesetting Midnight Interlude
turning for home, the Kentucky-bred Kitten's Joy colt had all he could do
to get a nose in front of that rival under the wire. Extensive was a half
length farther back in third. Banned ran the 9 furlongs on firm going in
1:47.93 with Garrett Gomez up. "It's probably not his best race, but
everything said, it's good to win," said Banned's trainer, Tom Proctor.
"We've been beat in a lot of photos." Asked about the Breeders' Cup, he
added, "We'll keep him out here and probably just the Oak Tree Derby [on
Oct. 15]. The Breeders' Cup, maybe next year if he's still around. The
Breeders' Cup is the end-all for everybody but me. I'm not a big
Breeders' Cup fan."

Brilliant Speed raced off the pace early in Sunday's $100,000, Grade III
Sarnac Stakes for 3-year-olds at Saratoga, came three-wide to the leaders
into the stretch, went by and went on to win by 2 1/2 lengths. Early
leader Queen'splatekitten held second, a half length better than King
Congie. Brilliant Speed, a Florida-bred Dynaformer colt, got the 9
furlongs on firm going in 1:48.73 with John Velazquez handling the reins.
Winning trainer Tom Albertrani sounded almost overwhelmed by the options
open for his multitalented runner. "He showed more kick today, which is
what I had wanted to see on the dirt," the conditioner said. "All things
considered, he might just have to stay on the grass. Polytrack might also
be an option." Velazquez chimed in, "He's a better horse on the grass. No
doubt."

Skip a Smile rallied from last of six to win Friday's $100,000 Edward J.
DeBartolo Memorial Handicap at Remington Park by a neck over Dakota
Gypsy. Schramsberg led early and finished third and the favorite,
Expansion, finished last and was vanned off. Skip a Smile, a 4-year-old,
Texas-bred Skip Away gelding, ran the 9 furlongs on firm going in 1:48.96
under Luis Quinonez. It was his third straight win but first on grass.

-0-

Filly Mare Turf

Emulous rallied from near the back of the field and got home first in
Saturday's Group 1 Coolmore Fusaichi Pegasus Matron Stakes at
Leopardstown in Ireland, beating Together by 3 lengths and Misty For Me
by another length.


Next Page &gt;&gt;12Â Â 3Â Â 







Related Stories




More Articles on: GAMIACTS , SERVICES , EUROPE01 , LEISURE9 , POLITICS ,
NEWYORK1 , NATIONAL , NATIONAL , NASDAQ01


Subscribe to Email Alerts


* UPI Thoroughbred Racing Roundup
* Ampio Rebounds As Study Results Published In Europe
* E-Commerce: An Elixir For Your Portfolio In An Uncertain Economy
* AT&amp;T Gets Sued
* The Intelligence Report On Mantech International





===========================================================================









Rating :


* 1
* 2
* 3
* 4
* 5












Comments (0)








No Comments









Post Comment -- Login is required to post message

Name:  
Alert for new comments: 
Your email: 
Your Website: 
Title: 
Comments: 
  

















  






Advertisement



Related Press Releases


* Arlington Park to Increase Purses Effective Aug. 12
* Churchill Downs Incorporated Reports 2011 Second-Quarter Results
* Calder Announces 5-Percent Purse Increase
* Churchill Downs Incorporated 2011 Second-Quarter Results Conference
  Call Invitation
* Churchill Downs Incorporated Names Reginald Fullwood Jr. Senior Vice
  President and General Manager of Harlow's Casino Resort &amp; Hotel



Follow iStockAnalyst




Popular Articles


* 7 High Quality, Low Beta Dividend Stocks
  By: Dividends4Life
* 10 Stocks Weâre Looking At Seriously Following The August Crash
  â Pat Mcfadden, M2 Global
  By: Covestor.com
* Our Ultimate Stock-Pickers' Top 10 Buys And Sells
  By: Morningstar
* Earning Scan: FLWS, DG, DSW, DRYS, PVH
  By: iStockAnalyst
* Altria Group (MO): High Dividend Growth Stock
  By: Dividend Growth Investor


Advertisement



Partner Center















{1}







{1}



##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]##





{1}

##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]##






Home | Login |Research | Earnings | Scans | Charts | Submit Article |
Join Blog Network | Advertise |

copryright 2011 all rights reserved





Fundamental data is provided by Zacks Investment Research, market data is
provided by AlphaTrade. , and Commentary and Press Releases provided by
Quotemedia

