Possible Bullish Engulfing Pattern Detected for DRDGOLD (NASDAQ:DROOY) |
FINANCIAL NEWS NETWORK ONLINE







  

 



Search
















* HOME
* TOP STORIES
* TOP VIDEOS
* VIDEOS
  o Analyst Actions
  o Earnings
  o In The News
  o Market Snapshot
  o Sector Updates

* INTERVIEWS
* SURVEILLANCE
* EARNINGS
* ANALYST REFLECTION












* View
* Track



Possible Bullish Engulfing Pattern Detected for DRDGOLD (NASDAQ:DROOY)





Published on Mon, 09/05/2011 - 06:48
By Adrienne Chilton in Candlestick, DROOY, bullish am engulfing candle,
drdgold, nasdaq:drooy



Analysts have spotted a possible bullish engulfing pattern in DRDGOLD
(NASDAQ:DROOY) based on the price action in the companyâs shares.
Last Friday, DRDGOLD traded 230,000 shares vs. average volume of 124,000
shares per day. The company traded 50,000 shares on Thursday. Heavy
volume increases the reliability of this bullish candlestick pattern.

In the past 52 weeks, DRDGOLD share prices have been bracketed by a low
of $3.97 and a high of $6.23 and are now at $5.57, 40% above that low
price. Over the last five market days, the 200-day moving average (MA)
has gone up 0.2% while the 50-day MA has advanced 1.8%.

DRDGOLD (NASDAQ:DROOY) defies analysts with a current price ($5.57)
100.0% above its average consensus price target of $0.00. The stock
should discover initial support at its 200-day moving average (MA) of
$4.89 and subsequent support at its 50-day MA of $4.80.

DRDGOLD Limited is a mid-tier, unhedged gold producer with a mix of
assets. The Company's assets include underground mines and surface
re-treatment operation and exploration activities in South Africa.



By Adrienne Chilton
achilton@fnno.com











Latest News from FNNO








BioTime Enters Into License Agreement wi...


BioTime (NYSE:BTX) announced it has entered into an exclusive license
agreement with Co ...






Sunoco Announced It Plans To Exit Refini...


Sunoco (NYSE:SUN) announced that it plans to exit its refining business
and has begun a ...






Commercial Vehicle Group Announces India...


Commercial Vehicle Group (NASDAQ:CVGI) announced that it has entered into
a joint ventu ...






Ecolab Announces Share Repurchase Plan (...


Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) announced it plans to undertake a $1 billion share
repurchase program ...








Pfizer Announces Tender Offer Period, As...


Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) announces tender offer period, as extended of initial
completion tend ...






Kratos Defense Receives $4.2 Million In ...


Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (NASDAQ:KTOS) that it has received
new contract awa ...






AES Corp. Announces CEO Transition (AES...


The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) announced that President and Chief
Executive Officer Pau ...






DirecTV Out of Battle for Hulu (DTV)...


According to sources, The Financial Times reported that DirecTV
(NASDAQ:DTV) has been r ...















Most Read






AeroVironment Adds 6.5%, Wins More Than $4.8 Mln Order



AeroVironment (AVAV) says it received an order valued at $4,862,674 under
a contract with the Norwegian...




Praxair Bested Q2 Estimates, Upped 2011 EPS Guidance



Praxair (NYSE:PX) reported Q2 EPS of $1.38, ahead of consensus estimates
of $1.37 per share. Revenues for...




Sellers Abandoning Shares of Evergreen Income Advantage Fund on 4.4x
Above-Average Volume (EAD)



Evergreen Income Advantage Fund's stock is down 1.5% to $9.18 on heavy
trading volume. Today's volume of...




GM to Offer Free Auto Insurance to Oregon and Washington Residents



General Motors (NYSE:GM) plans to offer free auto insurance though
MetLife (NYSE:MET) for one year to...




Earnings Look Ahead: In 7 Days Steelcase Releases its Quarterly Numbers
(SCS)



Steelcase (NYSE:SCS) is expected by analysts to report earnings of $0.14
per share on sales of $644.0...

























* Home
* About
* FNNO Team
* Contact Us
* Legal
* Privacy Statement
* Top Stories
* Top Videos
* Interviews
* Surveillance
* Earnings
* Analyst Reflection





Most Commented






Barron&#039;s Says Mosaic May Be A Good Investment As Potash Supply
Remains Tight (MOS)

13 Comments



YRC Worldwide: New 52-Week Low Set Today (YRCW)

9 Comments



World Wrestling Entertainment Shares Down 9% After Issuing Weak Q4 Profit
Guidance (WWE)

7 Comments



Sellers Abandoning Shares of PIMCO High Income Fund on 3.4x Above-Average
Volume (PHK)

6 Comments



Recent 52-Week High Exceeded in Shares of Cell Therapeutics (CTIC)

5 Comments









Copyright 2011, Financial News Network Online











