Possible Bearish Engulfing Pattern Detected for US Global Investors
(NASDAQ:GROW) | FINANCIAL NEWS NETWORK ONLINE







  

 



Search
















* HOME
* TOP STORIES
* TOP VIDEOS
* VIDEOS
  o Analyst Actions
  o Earnings
  o In The News
  o Market Snapshot
  o Sector Updates

* INTERVIEWS
* SURVEILLANCE
* EARNINGS
* ANALYST REFLECTION












* View
* Track



Possible Bearish Engulfing Pattern Detected for US Global Investors
(NASDAQ:GROW)





Published on Mon, 09/05/2011 - 06:39
By Mallory Stone in Candlestick, GROW, bearish am engulfing candle,
nasdaq:grow, us global investors



Analysts have spotted a possible bearish engulfing pattern in US Global
Investors (NASDAQ:GROW) based on the price action in the companyâs
shares. Last Friday, US Global Investors traded 102,000 shares vs.
average volume of 47,000 shares per day. The company traded 42,000 shares
on Thursday. Heavy volume increases the reliability of this bearish
candlestick pattern.

In the past 52 weeks, shares of US Global Investors have traded between a
low of $5.47 and a high of $10.47 and are now at $6.82, which is 25%
above that low price. The 200-day and 50-day moving averages have moved
0.44% lower and 0.39% lower over the past week, respectively.

US Global Investors (NASDAQ:GROW) is currently priced 100.0% above its
average consensus analyst price target of $0.00. The stock should run
into initial resistance at its 50-day moving average (MA) of $7.42 and
subsequent resistance at its 200-day MA of $7.97.

U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is a registered investment adviser. The
Company serves as investment adviser, investment manager, and transfer
agent to U.S. Global Investors Funds and U.S. Global Accolade Funds,
which are no-load mutual funds that invest in a wide range of investment
options.



By Mallory Stone
mstone@fnno.com











Latest News from FNNO








BioTime Enters Into License Agreement wi...


BioTime (NYSE:BTX) announced it has entered into an exclusive license
agreement with Co ...






Sunoco Announced It Plans To Exit Refini...


Sunoco (NYSE:SUN) announced that it plans to exit its refining business
and has begun a ...






Commercial Vehicle Group Announces India...


Commercial Vehicle Group (NASDAQ:CVGI) announced that it has entered into
a joint ventu ...






Ecolab Announces Share Repurchase Plan (...


Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) announced it plans to undertake a $1 billion share
repurchase program ...








Pfizer Announces Tender Offer Period, As...


Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) announces tender offer period, as extended of initial
completion tend ...






Kratos Defense Receives $4.2 Million In ...


Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (NASDAQ:KTOS) that it has received
new contract awa ...






AES Corp. Announces CEO Transition (AES...


The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) announced that President and Chief
Executive Officer Pau ...






DirecTV Out of Battle for Hulu (DTV)...


According to sources, The Financial Times reported that DirecTV
(NASDAQ:DTV) has been r ...















Most Read






AeroVironment Adds 6.5%, Wins More Than $4.8 Mln Order



AeroVironment (AVAV) says it received an order valued at $4,862,674 under
a contract with the Norwegian...




Praxair Bested Q2 Estimates, Upped 2011 EPS Guidance



Praxair (NYSE:PX) reported Q2 EPS of $1.38, ahead of consensus estimates
of $1.37 per share. Revenues for...




Sellers Abandoning Shares of Evergreen Income Advantage Fund on 4.4x
Above-Average Volume (EAD)



Evergreen Income Advantage Fund's stock is down 1.5% to $9.18 on heavy
trading volume. Today's volume of...




GM to Offer Free Auto Insurance to Oregon and Washington Residents



General Motors (NYSE:GM) plans to offer free auto insurance though
MetLife (NYSE:MET) for one year to...




Earnings Look Ahead: In 7 Days Steelcase Releases its Quarterly Numbers
(SCS)



Steelcase (NYSE:SCS) is expected by analysts to report earnings of $0.14
per share on sales of $644.0...

























* Home
* About
* FNNO Team
* Contact Us
* Legal
* Privacy Statement
* Top Stories
* Top Videos
* Interviews
* Surveillance
* Earnings
* Analyst Reflection





Most Commented






Barron&#039;s Says Mosaic May Be A Good Investment As Potash Supply
Remains Tight (MOS)

13 Comments



YRC Worldwide: New 52-Week Low Set Today (YRCW)

9 Comments



World Wrestling Entertainment Shares Down 9% After Issuing Weak Q4 Profit
Guidance (WWE)

7 Comments



Sellers Abandoning Shares of PIMCO High Income Fund on 3.4x Above-Average
Volume (PHK)

6 Comments



Recent 52-Week High Exceeded in Shares of Cell Therapeutics (CTIC)

5 Comments









Copyright 2011, Financial News Network Online











