Defense needs helped grow Middletown business KVH | [an error occurred
while processing this directive]

Economy | projo.com | The Providence Journal









 

 




 projo.com web search

   






News&nbsp;


* Rhode Island
* Cities and Towns
* Nation/World
* New England
* Weather
* Traffic
* Lotteries
* Environment
* Special Reports
* Education
* Economy
* Health
* Politics




Sports&nbsp;


* High School Sports
* Patriots
* Red Sox
* PawSox
* Boston Bruins
* P-Bruins
* Celtics
* Golf
* PC Friars
* URI Rams
* Brown Bears
* Bryant Bulldogs




Fact


* RI Politics




Obituaries&nbsp;


* Obituaries
* Cards of Thanks
* In Memoriams
* Funeral Directors
* Submitting an Obituary




Lifebeat&nbsp;


* Food and Dining
* Movies and TV
* Music
* Travel
* Theater
* Art
* Home and Garden
* Pets
* Weddings
* Books




Business&nbsp;


* Markets
* Your Money
* Personal Technology
* Economy




Opinion&nbsp;


* Staff Columnists
* Outside Contributors
* Editorials
* Letters




Things To Do


* Events
* Movies
* Venues
* Restaurants
* Performers




Blogs



Summer Guide



* Cars
* Homes
* Jobs
* Shop
* Classifieds
* Legals









Advertising







Search Journal Archives



Get The Newspaper

E-mail News Alerts

RSS Feeds
From projo.com
From blogs


Advertising Media Kit

Parade Magazine

Summertime Fund












Economy











Home | Buy | Sell | Research







Home | For Sale | For Rent
Finance | Open Houses





Home | Find Jobs
Career Advice/Tools | How to Search








In Paper Ads

 

Shopping Guides




Circulars

 

Cardi's




Special Sections

 

Benny's

















Comments  | Recommended


Defense needs helped grow Middletown business KVH





01:00 AM EDT on Monday, September 5, 2011



By Kate Bramson

Journal Staff Writer




Communications satellite dishes surround technician Randy Abardo as he
assembles them in the manufacturing facility.


MIDDLETOWN –– At KVH Industries, employees knew quickly that the terror
attacks of Sept. 11 could mean a higher demand for the products they
design, manufacture and sell.

The company that first created a digital compass used by leisure boaters
and America’s Cup yachtsmen soon diversified. It now makes equipment to
assist not only with personal navigation, but also with satellite
communications.

Now, about 35 percent of the business for KVH is defense-related, CEO
Martin Kits van Heyningen says.

Just last fall, the Coast Guard signed a one-year contract with KVH for
the company to provide a satellite-communications system for the Coast
Guard’s small-cutter fleet. The contract could equal $42 million over the
next decade, as there’s an option for the Coast Guard to renew it each of
the next nine years.

Engineers, salesmen and company leaders say their work in the defense
industry increased considerably with the Gulf War, which began in 1990,
and the increased need then for high-tech navigation and communication
systems.

While employees recall the shock and personal fear they felt on Sept. 11,
they also knew the military would be in need, says Chris Watson, director
of marketing.

“We made it clear to our customers in the U.S. military that whatever
they needed, we would provide,” Watson said.

Along with their father, Arent Kits van Heyningen, Martin and his
brother, Robert, founded the company they called Sailcomp Industries in
1982. The elder Kits van Heyningen, who died in May, had worked in Canada
and designed one of the first flight simulators for military aircraft
before moving to Newport and working as a principal engineer at Raytheon
in the submarine signal division. Robert is the company’s vice president
of research and development.

By 1985, Sailcomp had begun selling specially designed compasses to the
Marine Corps for use on amphibious craft. The company eventually changed
its name to reflect the family’s last name.

Not long before the Gulf War began, KVH engineers, with funding from a
federal grant for small businesses developing new technologies, were
working on a compass for light-armored vehicles that wouldn’t be
interfered with by the steel and iron on Humvees and tanks or on ships.
Metal interferes with traditional, magnetic compasses.

Other advantages of the company’s compasses are their digital,
easy-to-read displays that provide more than the vehicle’s direction,
including wind-shift and steering information. The compasses can connect
to other on-board equipment, such as radar, chart plotters and autopilot
systems.

Ronald Paradis, 53, a senior military products engineer at KVH, recalls
military vehicles that had slots labeled for compasses that just sat
empty because what was supposed to be there simply didn’t work. And he
talks of how military personnel driving a tank used to have to get out of
the vehicle and move far enough away to get a reading from a traditional
compass –– not such a safe practice while trying to evade snipers and
other enemies in desert warfare.

“And, all of a sudden, things started to heat up,” Paradis says,
recalling the Marine contract the company landed soon after he returned
from a work trip with “one of the half-way working prototypes” that he
had just tested on an M60 tank. Now, KVH had to repackage the product,
install it on Marine vehicles and test it –– all within 90 days in the
midst of the Gulf War, he said.

KVH and two partners are now working to outfit up to as many as 216 Coast
Guard cutters with a satellite-communication network that will allow
improved military communications not only between Coast Guard vessels,
but also with the vessels of Allied partners working with the U.S.
Departments of Homeland Security and Defense.

“Our relationship with the Coast Guard has made us better,” says William
Houtz, a military sales manager at KVH who served in the Army after
graduating from West Point and worked in the defense industry for about
20 years. “People’s lives are on the line, literally, and we take that
commitment here very seriously.”

Employees at KVH say their lives have changed since Sept. 11 in many
ways. They note how many more people want access to news, the Internet
and the outside world around the clock –– whether it’s on their pleasure
boats, following what’s happening at their own companies, or the needs of
the military.

Paradis and KVH field engineer George Jackson, 59, now have to travel
differently when going to meet with clients. Some of the documents they
would have brought with them in the past can no longer be carried on
airplanes for homeland security reasons. They have to send them ahead of
time encrypted or carry more of what they’re working on in their heads
rather than in briefcases. Also, they cannot sell certain products to
foreign countries without first getting a special license from the State
Department, under rules that are more highly regulated and enforced since
Sept. 11.

Looking back to the company’s start, Martin Kits van Heyningen says their
original business plan included expanding beyond the boating industry and
moving into military and aviation industries: “Land, sea and air was the
original idea.”

He notes that KVH’s work making fiber-optic gyros — which are used in the
turrets of armored military vehicles to help crews navigate through the
desert — has grown by about 40 percent a year over the last five to six
years. However, in this economic downturn, a separate line has dropped
off significantly, he says. The satellite antennas that were a hot
commodity for RVs aren’t selling well, and have dropped off by 95
percent, he said, because a number of recreational-vehicle companies have
declared bankruptcy and are no longer making vehicles.

Diversification is vital, he says.

Reflecting on how the world has changed since Sept. 11, Kits van
Heyningen notes how President George W. Bush lamented in his memoir that,
despite all the advanced technology in the world at that time, he could
not get a television signal while in the air in Air Force One that
morning.

Now, KVH technology is aboard Jet Blue airplanes that provide even
ordinary airline passengers with television access, and President Obama’s
motorcade has KVH equipment on top of SUVs now, allowing him to watch
satellite television while on the go.

“So, the world has changed,” the CEO says. “Nowadays people want –– even
the Defense Department, emergency responders — they want to be able to
have access to CNN, what’s going on, and the best way to do that is over
satellite. Especially if the infrastructure is destroyed, you can still
get satellite, unlike cell phones or landlines.”

kbramson@projo.com








Untitled Document




















Latest R.I. economy news






More economy news



R.I. economy news archive




Submarine program has propelled defense contracts locally

Defense needs helped grow Middletown business KVH

R.I. expo will help businesses learn to cut red tape



More from our economy news archive



Eye on R.I.'s economy



Track recovery spending: The R.I. state Office of Economic Recovery and
Reinvestment posts weekly financial reports for the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009

Follow the money: Chart recovery spending by state in this interactive map

Transparency: Track Rhode Island state spending by department

Your Money: What you need to know

Business: Get the latest on Rhode Island's employers

Look for a job: at ProjoJobs

Foreclosure: Read our continuing report on its impact in Rhode Island

Your Turn: What would you do to fix the state's economy?

Your Turn: How would you cut state spending? Would you raise taxes?



Advertisement



Most Viewed Yesterday




Updated Tues 9.6.

National Grid crews to bunk at Dunk

Meriweather just one of a few surprise cuts

In R.I., National Grid&#8217;s response to Irene praised, criticized

&#8216;This Old House&#8217; to follow rebuilding of Barrington property

Affidavit details alleged events leading to arrest of N. Providence
police chief








Reader Reaction



* Most Recommended
* Most Commented


























===========================================================================


Share Your Thoughts


Having problems seeing comments?






Close

Supported Browsers

* Internet Explorer 7+
* FireFox 3+
* Safari


Try clearing your cache: In Firefox, go to Tools / Clear Recent History.
Check the "Cache" box and uncheck all other boxes. Click "Clear now." In
Internet Explorer, go to Tools / Internet Options. Check the "Delete
browsing history on exit" box. Select "OK."

If you are using Internet Explorer 7, make sure Phishing Filter is turned
off by going to Tools / Phishing Filter / Turn Off Automatic Website
Checking.

If you are using Internet Explorer 8, make sure InPrivate Filtering is
turned off and InPrivate Filtering data has been cleared. To turn off
InPrivate Filtering go to Tools / InPrivate Filtering Settings, select
the "off" button and click "OK".

To clear InPrivate Filtering data
* Go to Tools / Internet Options.
* Click the "Delete" button under “Browsing history” on the General tab.
* Make sure "Preserve Favorites website data" is unchecked.
* Make sure "InPrivate Filtering data" is checked.
* Click the "Delete" button.
* Click the "OK" button to exit the Internet Options window.
* Refresh the page.






Conversation guidelines: We welcome your thoughts and information related
to this article. Please be civil. Vicious comments, personal attacks and
profanity are not allowed. You may report abuses.

New look: Find more information about the updated commenting and social
tools.



You must be logged in to contribute. Log in | Register Now!



You are logged in as screenname | Log Out



You are logged in, but do not have a "screen" name. Create a Screen Name


























Careers | Help | Advertising Media Kit | Terms of service | Privacy |
About Our Ads

News tip: (401) 277-7303 | Classifieds: (401) 277-7700 | Display
advertising: (401) 277-8000 | Subscriptions: (401) 277-7600
© 2011 , Published by The Providence Journal Co., 75 Fountain St.,
Providence, RI 02902.
Home | R.I. News | Sports | Obituaries | Lifebeat | Business | Opinion |
Calendar | projoExpress | Site map




