KEY v. LOUISVILLE METRO GOVERNMENT - September 2, 2011.

{"parsetags": "explicit"}





 








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 










• KEY v. LOUISVILLE...  



 


&nbsp;&nbsp;View&nbsp;Case  



Cited&nbsp;Cases
  


Citing&nbsp;Cases  

()
   

 | Follow Leagle on Twitter   | 











 













 








KEY v. LOUISVILLE METRO GOVERNMENT






STEVEN KEY, APPELLANT,

v.

LOUISVILLE METRO GOVERNMENT; LINCOLN ELECTRIC COMPANY; UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR; HONORABLE J. LANDON OVERFIELD ADMINISTRATIVE LAW
JUDGE; AND WORKERS' COMPENSATION BOARD, APPELLEES.






No. 2011-CA-000455-WC.





Court of Appeals of Kentucky.







September 2, 2011.





Steven Wayne Key, Pro Se Louisville, Kentucky, Brief for Appellant.

Michael J. O'Connell, Jefferson County Attorney, Gary W. Anderson,
Assistant Jefferson County Attorney, Louisville, Kentucky, Brief for
Appellee, Louisville-Metro. Government.

John A. Sheffer, William K. Burnham, Louisville, Kentucky, Brief for
Appellee, Lincoln Electric Company.

BEFORE: DIXON, MOORE, AND THOMPSON, JUDGES.




===========================================================================


Ã‚Â 

Ã‚Â 





NOT TO BE PUBLISHED







OPINION




DIXON, JUDGE.

Steven Key, pro se, seeks review of a Workers' Compensation Board
decision affirming an Administrative Law Judge's (ALJ) order dismissing
his claim for benefits. We affirm.

In February 2009, Key filed an application for workers' compensation
benefits for an occupational disease claim against Jefferson Community
and Technical College alleging he was exposed to toxic fumes while
welding in October 1981. Key asserted the fumes caused him to develop a
disabling neurological disorder. In September 2009, the ALJ rendered an
opinion and order dismissing Key's claim due to several evidentiary and
procedural deficiencies. The ALJ specifically noted Key's claim was
time-barred pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes (KRS) 342.316(4)(a),
since it was filed twenty-seven years after the last alleged exposure.
The ALJ's order was affirmed by the Board in March 2010.

In August 2010, Key filed a new application for resolution of an injury
claim against Louisville Metro Government, Lincoln Electric Company, and
the United States Department of Labor, alleging he sustained a hand/brain
injury on September 14, 1981, while participating in a welding program
administered by the City of Louisville through the Comprehensive
Employment Training Act. The ALJ dismissed Key's claim as procedurally
deficient, and the Board affirmed.

Key now seeks review of the Board's decision; however, his appellate
brief is disorganized and fails to set forth a coherent statement
regarding the alleged errors committed by the Board. Kentucky Rules of
Civil Procedure (CR) 76.25(4)(c). We infer from Key's brief that he
believes the Board overlooked evidence establishing a prima facie claim
for benefits and that the Board erred by concluding his claim was
time-barred.


===========================================================================


Ã‚Â <<PrevÃ‚Â  Ã‚Â 1Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 2Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 3Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 4Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Ã‚Â 
Next&gt;&gt;Ã‚Â 



 

Click here for unpaginated view
===========================================================================








• COMMONWEALTH v. SILEO


• ERAUSQUIN v. NOTZ, STUCKI MANAGEMENT (BERMUDA) LIMITED


• IN RE BEAR STEARNS COMPANIES, INC.


• PAUL v. WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK


• STATE v. LUGO-PAGAN


• U.S. v. BUTLER


• COMEAUX v. BROWN & WILLIAMSON TOBACCO CO.


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK


• ROGERS v. FIRST NATIONAL BANK AT WINTER PARK



 





• TULI v. BRIGHAM & WOMEN'S HOSPITAL


• COMMONWEALTH v. SILEO


• AmBASE CORPORATION v. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION


• STATE v. LANKFORD


• S.E.C. v. KENTON CAPITAL, LTD.


• BUDGET RENT A CAR CORPORATION v. COREGIS INSURANCE COMPANY


• BLOM v. BARNHART


• STATE v. PIOLETTI


• STATE v. LANG


• ALFADDA v. FENN





  














• 
Seattle seeking to direct the state attorney general to withdraw the
state from a suit challenging the federal health care reform law



• 
The Due Process Clause and the government's detention of an immigrant for
nearly 3 years



• 
Claim over underground storage tanks on farmland purchased for a nature
preserve



• 
Whether a gun manufacturer should have outfitted a revolver with a safety
lock



• 
Claims related to patent applications



1 2 3 4 5 ...


Click here to search for Archival Cases









Disclaimer     :::     Terms&nbsp;of&nbsp;Use     :::     Privacy
Statement     :::     About&nbsp;Us     :::     Contact&nbsp;Us     :::  
  Copyright Ã‚Â© 2010 &nbsp;&nbsp;Leagle, Inc.


