Possible Bearish Harami Candle Pattern Detected for Liquidity Services
(NASDAQ:LQDT) | FINANCIAL NEWS NETWORK ONLINE







  

 



Search
















* HOME
* TOP STORIES
* TOP VIDEOS
* VIDEOS
  o Analyst Actions
  o Earnings
  o In The News
  o Market Snapshot
  o Sector Updates

* INTERVIEWS
* SURVEILLANCE
* EARNINGS
* ANALYST REFLECTION












* View
* Track



Possible Bearish Harami Candle Pattern Detected for Liquidity Services
(NASDAQ:LQDT)





Published on Mon, 09/05/2011 - 06:45
By Adrienne Chilton in Candlestick, LQDT, bearish am harami, liquidity
services, nasdaq:lqdt



Analysts have spotted a possible bearish harami candle pattern in
Liquidity Services (NASDAQ:LQDT) based on the price action in the
companyâs shares. Friday's real body is within Thursday's body and
may imply that traders and investors believe that the recent uptrend may
be nearing an end. A move down today would confirm this trend reversal.
Also, the narrower the red body yesterday, the more reliable the harami.
Last Friday, Liquidity Services traded 879,000 shares vs. average volume
of 334,000 shares per day. The company traded 3.0 million shares on
Thursday.

There is potential upside of 3.7% in shares of Liquidity Services based
on a current price of $30.05 and an average consensus analyst price
target of $31.17. The stock should discover initial support at its 50-day
moving average (MA) of $24.29 and subsequent support at its 200-day MA of
$18.80.

Liquidity Services Inc. provides full service solutions to market and
sell surplus assets and wholesale goods.

Over the past year, Liquidity Services has traded in a range of $12.58 to
$31.83 and is now at $30.05, 139% above that low. The 200-day and 50-day
moving averages have moved 1.49% higher and 1.71% higher over the past
week, respectively.



By Adrienne Chilton
achilton@fnno.com











Latest News from FNNO








BioTime Enters Into License Agreement wi...


BioTime (NYSE:BTX) announced it has entered into an exclusive license
agreement with Co ...






Sunoco Announced It Plans To Exit Refini...


Sunoco (NYSE:SUN) announced that it plans to exit its refining business
and has begun a ...






Commercial Vehicle Group Announces India...


Commercial Vehicle Group (NASDAQ:CVGI) announced that it has entered into
a joint ventu ...






Ecolab Announces Share Repurchase Plan (...


Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) announced it plans to undertake a $1 billion share
repurchase program ...








Pfizer Announces Tender Offer Period, As...


Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) announces tender offer period, as extended of initial
completion tend ...






Kratos Defense Receives $4.2 Million In ...


Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (NASDAQ:KTOS) that it has received
new contract awa ...






AES Corp. Announces CEO Transition (AES...


The AES Corporation (NYSE:AES) announced that President and Chief
Executive Officer Pau ...






DirecTV Out of Battle for Hulu (DTV)...


According to sources, The Financial Times reported that DirecTV
(NASDAQ:DTV) has been r ...















Most Read






AeroVironment Adds 6.5%, Wins More Than $4.8 Mln Order



AeroVironment (AVAV) says it received an order valued at $4,862,674 under
a contract with the Norwegian...




Praxair Bested Q2 Estimates, Upped 2011 EPS Guidance



Praxair (NYSE:PX) reported Q2 EPS of $1.38, ahead of consensus estimates
of $1.37 per share. Revenues for...




Sellers Abandoning Shares of Evergreen Income Advantage Fund on 4.4x
Above-Average Volume (EAD)



Evergreen Income Advantage Fund's stock is down 1.5% to $9.18 on heavy
trading volume. Today's volume of...




GM to Offer Free Auto Insurance to Oregon and Washington Residents



General Motors (NYSE:GM) plans to offer free auto insurance though
MetLife (NYSE:MET) for one year to...




Earnings Look Ahead: In 7 Days Steelcase Releases its Quarterly Numbers
(SCS)



Steelcase (NYSE:SCS) is expected by analysts to report earnings of $0.14
per share on sales of $644.0...

























* Home
* About
* FNNO Team
* Contact Us
* Legal
* Privacy Statement
* Top Stories
* Top Videos
* Interviews
* Surveillance
* Earnings
* Analyst Reflection





Most Commented






Barron&#039;s Says Mosaic May Be A Good Investment As Potash Supply
Remains Tight (MOS)

13 Comments



YRC Worldwide: New 52-Week Low Set Today (YRCW)

9 Comments



World Wrestling Entertainment Shares Down 9% After Issuing Weak Q4 Profit
Guidance (WWE)

7 Comments



Sellers Abandoning Shares of PIMCO High Income Fund on 3.4x Above-Average
Volume (PHK)

6 Comments



Recent 52-Week High Exceeded in Shares of Cell Therapeutics (CTIC)

5 Comments









Copyright 2011, Financial News Network Online











