Cambium Learning Group Chief Executive Officer to Present at BMO Capital
Markets 11th Annual Back to School Education Conference in NYC -
MarketWatch





Bulletin

Get news bulletins by email &raquo; U.S. stocks sharply lower as NYSE
invokes &#39;Rule 48&#39; for Tuesday&#39;s open







Sign in

Become a MarketWatch member today


* Front Page
* News Viewer
* Commentary
* Markets
* Investing
* Personal Finance
* Community
* Games














press release

Sept. 6, 2011, 8:15 a.m. EDT


Cambium Learning Group Chief Executive Officer to Present at BMO Capital
Markets 11th Annual Back to School Education Conference in NYC














DALLAS, Sept. 6, 2011 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- Cambium Learning Group,
Inc. , a leading educational company focused primarily on serving the
needs of at-risk and special student populations, announced today that
the Company will participate in BMO Capital Markets 11th Annual Back to
School Education Conference to be held on Thursday, September 15, 2011,
at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in New York City.







Chief Executive Officer, Ron Klausner, will attend the conference and
present at 8:15 a.m. Eastern Time in Ballroom V. For more information
about the conference, visit:
http://www.bmocm.com/conferences/backtoschool2011/

About Cambium Learning Group, Inc. Cambium Learning Group is the leading
educational company focused primarily on serving the needs of at-risk and
special student populations. The company operates three core divisions:
Voyager, which provides comprehensive interventions; Sopris, which is
known for supplemental solutions; and Cambium Learning Technologies,
which comprises IntelliToolsÃ‚Â®, Kurzweil Educational SystemsÃ‚Â®,
Learning A-Z, and ExploreLearning. Cambium Learning Group is committed to
providing research-based solutions that help educators raise the
achievement levels of preK-12 students as well as adult learning
communities. The company's website is www.cambiumlearning.com .

Media and Investor Contact: Shannan OverbeckCambium Learning Group,
Inc.214.932.9476shannan.overbeck@cambiumlearning.com

SOURCE Cambium Learning Group, Inc.

Copyright (C) 2011 PR Newswire. All rights reserved


/quotes/zigman/115664/quotes/nls/abcd





Add ABCD to portfolio ABCD



Cambium Learning Group Inc.



$ 3.01

+0.10 +3.44%




Volume: 1,108

Sept. 6, 2011 9:39a


















/quotes/zigman/115664/quotes/nls/abcd





Add ABCD to portfolio ABCD



Cambium Learning Group Inc.



$ 3.01

+0.10 +3.44%




Volume: 1,108

Sept. 6, 2011 9:39a










































Most Popular


1. 




2. 




3. 




4. 




5. 







Find a Broker


Ã‚Â»

















Featured Stories


* U.S. stock futures drop; Swiss franc slumps


* 
* Why the young jobless will ruin your portfolio

  Without jobs or accumulated wealth todayÃ¢Â€Â™s young Americans
  wonÃ¢Â€Â™t be able to retire, and those retiring soon...


* What to buy and what to avoid for the rest of 2011

  After this summerÃ¢Â€Â™s volatile sell-off, lower earnings expectations
  are already priced into stocks across...


* Dow headed below 10,000 as cyclical bear begins

  Technical pattern on the Dow Jones Industrial Average suggests the
  stock market has unfinished business to...














* WSJ
  o WSJ

* MarketWatch
  o MarketWatch
  o Facebook
  o Twitter





* Barron's
  o Barron's

* SmartMoney
  o SmartMoney

* AllThingsDigital
  o AllThingsDigital

* FINS
  o FINS

* More
  o BigCharts
  o Virtual Stock Exchange
  o Financial News
  o WSJ Asia
    - WSJ India
    - 
    - 

  o WSJ Europe
  o WSJ Americas
    - en Espa&ntilde;ol
    - em Portugu&ecirc;s

  o WSJ Radio
  o WSJ Wine





SEARCH








9:40 AM EDT

September 6, 2011


/marketstate/country/us
New York

Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

Closed






/marketstate/country/us



/marketstate/country/uk



/marketstate/country/jp













View All


Latest News


1. /news/latest 9:38a

   Newmont Mining up 2%, best on S&amp;P 500

2. 9:37a

   BREAKING

   U.S. stocks open sharply lower; Rule 48 invoked

3. 9:35a

   Marathon Oil shares drop 6.7% in early trade

4. 9:34a

   Harley-Davidson shares fall 7.8%, worst on S&amp;P 500

5. 9:32a

   BREAKING

   U.S. stocks open sharply lower; Rule 48 invoked

6. 9:29a

   CFPB nominee says he doesn&#39;t favor lawsuits

7. 9:23a

   Swiss escalation of currency wars to boost gold

8. 9:11a

   When using cash is better than credit

9. 9:11a

   Coming up: ISM services for August

10. 9:09a

    Treasurys up; 10-year yields hit record low

11. 9:00a

    What to buy and what to avoid for the rest of 2011

12. 8:59a

    Private-equity group Carlyle files for IPO

13. 8:55a

    U.S. stock futures drop; Swiss franc slumps

14. 8:51a

    European markets turn lower amid sovereign fears

15. 8:49a

    Europe, SNB in the spotlight

16. 8:48a

    PepsiCo, NFL renew &quot;multi-year&quot; sponsorship deal

17. 8:44a

    Why the young jobless will ruin your portfolio

18. 8:44a

    TuesdayÃ¢Â€Â™s biggest gaining &amp; declining stocks

19. 8:43a

    Italy budget backtrack stirs market worries

20. 8:34a

    Wells Fargo starts Dunkin&#39; at market perform

21. Loading more headlines...





dow


/quotes/zigman/627449/delayed
10,978.09


-262.17

-2.33%








nasdaq


/quotes/zigman/123127
2,427.62


-52.71

-2.13%








s&amp;p 500


/quotes/zigman/3870025
1,145.13


-28.84

-2.46%














Kiosk


* 1309316400000

  1309377600000



  Commodities Corner




  Myra P. Saefong
  Benching a benchmark Ã‚Â 
  West Texas Intermediate, the oil index long used to project U.S.
  motor-fuel price trends, no longer is accurate benchmark. Here's what's
  replaced it.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary3.html 166051



* 1309982400000

  1310072100000



  Tech Investor




  John Shinal
  Learning the lesson of tech jobs
  There are larger implications for the U.S. economy to be found in the
  hiring trends in the domestic tech sector, and in India.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary.html 166049



* 1309370400000

  1309428000000



  Second Opinion




  John C. Dvorak
  Dell can dominate PC world
  This is the perfect opportunity to wrest control of the U.S. PC
  business from Apple and H-P, and take over in China as well. All Dell
  has to do is execute.


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard4.html 166054



* 1241971200000

  1242619200000



  Weekend Investor




  The fine art of investing
  As an asset class, fine art is a proven long-term store of wealth. The
  current marketÃ‚Â  woes just add to art's allure.


  /conga/kiosk/investing.html 166124



* 1308830400000

  1308901200000



  Asia




  Rich tastes get pricier
  The cost of living the luxury life in Asia soared in dollar terms over
  the past year, according to a lifestyle index. What's behind the higher
  luxury prices?


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard2.html 165868



* 1303590000000

  1303749600000



  Car Review




  2012 VW Beetle Turbo
  It may resemble the "New Beetle,"Ã‚Â  but Volkswagen's 2012 offering is
  a better bug, writes Ron Amadon.
  Ã¢Â€Â¢ More car reviews from Ron Amadon


  165998



* 1247536800000

  1247587200000



  The Economy


  Ã‚Â 

  A moribund jobs market
  Data showed the U.S. economy still struggling to create jobs with
  payrolls creation flat, hourly earnings falling, and grim
  African-American jobless rates.


  /conga/kiosk/economy-politics.html 165896













MarketWatch.com

* Site Index
* Topics
* Help
* Feedback
* Newsroom Roster
* Media Archive
* Premium Products
* Mobile

* Company Info
* Code of Conduct
* Corrections
* Advertising Media Kit
* Advertise Locally
* License our Content
* Broker Center

* MarketWatch on Facebook
* 
* MarketWatch on Twitter
* 
* RSS
* Podcasts



* WSJ.com
* Barron's Online
* BigCharts
* Virtual Stock Exchange
* All Things Digital

* MarketWatch Community
* Financial News Online
* WSJ.com Small Business
* FINS: Finance, IT jobs, Sales jobs









Copyright © 2011 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.



Intraday Data provided by SIX Telekurs and subject to terms of use.
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Telekurs. Intraday
data delayed per exchange requirements. Dow Jones Indexes (SM) from Dow
Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time
last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded
symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15
minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. Dow Jones
IndexesSM from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided
by SIX Telekurs and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in
local exchange time.







* MarketsMarkets







  Data is loading...




* QuotesQuotes







  Data is loading...




* My PortfolioMy Portfolio







  Data is loading...




* My AlertsMy Alerts







  Data is loading...




* CommunityCommunity




  HOT PICKS MY PICKS MY GROUPS




  Data is loading...





ALERT:




MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice. 15







Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?






The action you requested requires a MarketWatch Community display name.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?



Community

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»

MarketWatch Community is a free service that lets you discover, organize
and share MarketWatch stories with other readers.

Learn More Ã‚Â»





The action you requested is only available to MarketWatch members.
Please sign in or register.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?




Register

Don't have a MarketWatch account?

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»


By registering, you are agreeing to MarketWatch's Terms of Service and to
receiving periodic news and special offers via email about MarketWatch
enhancements, products and services.



