Opening View: DJIA Readies for Another Triple-Digit Drop - NASDAQ.com
















Home | My NASDAQ | Tools | Mobile Apps | Company List | Pre-Market Quotes
Real-Time Quotes After Hours Quotes






* Search NASDAQ
* Search Web
* Search Local










* Quotes &amp; Research


  o 

    Stock Quotes



  o Summary Quotes

  o Real Time Quotes

  o Extended Trading

  o Options Chain


  o 

    Charts



  o Basic Charts

  o Interactive Charts


  o 

    Company News



  o News

  o Press Releases




  o 

    Company Profile



  o Stock Reports

  o SEC Fillings

  o Short Interest

  o Competitors

  o Ownership


  o 

    Fundamentals



  o Financials

  o Revenue EPS

  o Analyst Research

  o Guru Analysis




* Market Activity


  o 

    Extended Hours



  o Pre-Market Activity

  o After Hours Activity


  o 

    Stocks



  o Most Active

  o Unusual Volume

  o 52 Week High/Low

  o Upcoming Splits

  o New SEC Filings

  o IPO Summary




  o 

    Commodities


  o 

    ETFs


  o 

    Sector Analysis


  o 

    Global Markets


  o 

    Analyst Activity



  o Upgrades/Downgrades

  o Forecast Changes

  o Earning Surprises


  o 

    Indices



  o Market Indices

  o Sector Indices




* News &amp; Commentary


  o 

    Company News


  o 

    Market Headlines


  o 

    Moving the Market





  o 

    Economic Calendar


  o 

    Weekly Wrap


  o 

    Business Video






  Featured Content






  Nasdaq.com columnist Norman Ball presents a nightmare scenario of bad
  investments from the past. With tongue pressed firmly in cheek, he
  walks us through the destruction of his historical portfolio.

  Read This Story | Top Community Articles | Join Our Community



* Investing Insights


  o 

    How to Invest



  o Investing Basics

  o The NASDAQ Dozen

  o Broker Comparision

  o Glossary


  o 

    Stocks


  o 

    ETFs


  o 

    Options


  o 

    Forex


  o 

    Mutual Funds


  o 

    Financial Advisor Center





  o 

    Personal Finance



  o Retirement

  o Real Estate

  o College

  o Franchising

  o Insurance

  o Careers

  o Small Business


  o 

    Investing Tools



  o Stock Screener

  o Guru Screener

  o Heatmaps




* My NASDAQ


  o 

    My Portfolio


  o 

    Stock Ratings


  o 

    Settings



  o My Account

  o Edit Profile

  o Connnections

  o Profile Photo

  o Articles

  o Alerts




  o 

    Community Home


  o Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to
    portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!

  o 
  o 

    Already a member?


  o 



  o 

    Community Home




  o 




  o 
  o View Profile

  o 







 







Register | Log in



Opening View: DJIA Readies for Another Triple-Digit Drop






* Follow Schaeffer's Investment Research
* See all from Schaeffer's Investment Research


More from Schaeffer's Investment Research:

* FREE Sentiment Magazine
* FREE Options Newsletter
* FREE E-newsletters



Article Tools:

* Stumble It
* Tweet It
* Facebook
* LinkedIn
* Share It



Referenced Stocks

* ALTR 100% Rate It
* FCEL 100% Rate It
* KONG 100% Rate It
* PAY 0% Rate It
* PBY 0% Rate It





Posted 9/6/2011 8:12 AM from Schaeffer's Investment Research in
Investing, Options

0 comments | Like itDon't like it





Referenced Stocks: ALTR, FCEL, KONG, PAY, PBY





After ending dramatically lower on Friday, the Dow Jones Industrial
Average (DJIA) is bracing for another triple-digit drop out of the gate
today. Lingering concerns about a lackluster nonfarm payrolls report have
kept the bears in charge, as have fresh fears about the fiscal health of
Europe. Most notably, the Swiss National Bank vowed to keep the euro at
or above 1.20 francs, even if it means buying the currency "in unlimited
quantities." Against this backdrop, the DJIA is trading about 238 points
below fair value, while the broader S&P 500 Index (SPX) is poised for a
30-point drop.



United Technologies (UTX - 71.04) this morning reiterated its full-year
outlook. Specifically, the firm reaffirmed its expectations for earnings
of $5.35 to $5.45 per share on sales of roughly $58 billion. Analysts, on
average, were calling for slightly higher 2011 earnings of $5.46 per
share on revenue of $58.32 billion.

Fairchild Semiconductor International (FCS - 12.48) trimmed its
third-quarter revenue outlook, citing lower-than-expected demand from its
distributors. The firm now expects sales between $400 million and $410
million, compared to its previous guidance for sales of $433 million to
$446 million. Wall Street, meanwhile, had forecast higher third-quarter
sales of about $439.5 million for the chip maker.

Dell Inc. (DELL - 14.24) said it's partnered up with Baidu Inc. (BIDU -
140.45) to develop tablets and mobile phones for the Chinese market.
According to local media reports, a new mobile phone or tablet carrying
the Baidu name could be available as early as November. "We have a
partnership with Baidu and you know we have the Streak 5 tablet, so the
partnership will be in that space," a Dell spokeswoman told Reuters.
Ahead of the bell, the shares of BIDU are trading about 3.1% lower, while
DELL has shed roughly 1.1%.

Earnings Preview

Today's earnings docket will feature reports from Altera ( ALTR ),
FuelCell Energy ( FCEL ), KongZhong ( KONG ), Pep Boys ( PBY ), and
VeriFone Systems ( PAY ). Keep your browser at SchaeffersResearch.com for
more news as it breaks.

Economic Calendar

The ISM services index for August is due out today, while the Fed's Beige
Book report for September will hit the Street on Wednesday. Thursday
features the usual weekly report on jobless claims, as well as July's
trade balance. Crude inventories are also due out one day later than
usual, thanks to Monday's holiday. On Friday, wholesale inventories for
July will round out the week's economic calendar.

Market Statistics

Equity option activity on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) saw
725,864 call contracts traded on Friday, compared to 606,779 put
contracts. The resultant single-session put/call ratio arrived at 0.84,
while the 21-day moving average was 0.78.





magazine is now available here.

Overseas Trading

Stocks in Asia ended mostly lower today, pressured by familiar concerns
about European debt and the U.S. economy. Against this backdrop of
macroeconomic uncertainty, energy and resource issues were hit
particularly hard. In fact, Tokyo-listed equities dropped to their lowest
close in more than two years, and tagged their worst intraday price since
the aftermath of the March tsunami. Meanwhile, Shanghai's benchmark
tumbled to a 13-month nadir, while Seoul-listed securities swallowed
their third straight day of losses. However, Hong Kong managed to eke out
a win, as bargain-hunters crept into the market following recent
declines. By the close, Japan's Nikkei lost 2.2%, South Korea's Kospi
slid 1.1%, China's Shanghai Composite gave back 0.3%, and Hong Kong's
Hang Seng added 0.5%.

Conversely, European indexes are headed higher at midday, led by gains in
Switzerland after the country's central bank unveiled plans to enforce a
minimum exchange rate versus the euro. Elsewhere in the region, Royal
Bank of Scotland regained some of the prior session's losses after being
named in an FHFA lawsuit late Friday. At last check, London's FTSE 100 is
up 0.9%, and the German DAX and French CAC 40 have each added about 0.1%.



Currencies and Commodities

The greenback is trading modestly higher this morning, with the U.S.
dollar index up about 0.2%, at last check. Elsewhere, crude oil futures
have extended Friday's retreat, with the front-month contract last seen
$1.94, or 2.2%, lower at $84.51 per barrel. On the flip side, gold
futures have continued their quest for record highs, with the precious
metal up $9.30, or 0.5%, to linger near $1,886.20 an ounce.




Unusual Put and Call Activity:


For an explanation of how to use this information, check out our
Education Center topics on Option Volume and Open Interest Configurations
.





Every morning, our research staff analyzes the prior day and the
overnight markets, and monitors the morning wires to give you an accurate
preview of the day to come. If you enjoyed today's edition of Opening
View, sign up here for free daily delivery, straight to your inbox,
before the opening bell.


The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the
author and do not necessarily reflect those of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.




Did you like this article?   

  











Related Options Articles

* Opening View: Financial Stocks, Payrolls Anxiety Weigh on DJIA; BAC,
  JPM in Focus
  Sep 2, 2011

* Opening View: DJIA Pointed South Ahead of Jobless, Manufacturing Data
  Sep 1, 2011

* Opening View: DJIA Cautiously Higher After ADP Report
  Aug 31, 2011






For more Options News &amp; Commentary:             Sponsored link:
Refinance Now at 3.00%


 

Add a Comment


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Disqus






Highest Rated Articles of the Last Week


* AT&amp;T Offers an Attractive Alternative to Low CD Rates 4 0
* Weekly Review: Housing Bottom Distorted by Stimulus? 3 0
* Wall Street Banks: Too Big Blame For Subprime? 2 0
* Top 10 Recession-Proof Jobs 2 0
* Roubini Sees 60% Chance of A Double Dip in 2012, China and Brazil
  Also at Risk 2 0

View All






Brought to you by eLearners.com





x







Join the NASDAQ Community today
and get free, instant access:



* Monitor your investments with Portfolios, Watch Lists, and Stock
  Alerts
* Rate stocks, see how others are rating them, and share your investing
  ideas
* Participate in the discussion with financial experts and fellow
  members



Join Today!



















* Sitemap |
* Company List |
* Help/FAQ |
* Advertise With Us |
* Link to Us |
* Contact Us

* About NASDAQ OMX |
* Copyright |
* Disclaimer |
* Trademarks |
* Privacy Statements |
* Annual Reports

* Careers |
* Custom Logo Ticker |
* NASDAQ Toolbar |
* Newsletter Signup |
* 







