ANACOR PHARMA : Anacor and GlaxoSmithKline Amend and Expand R&D
Collaboration | 4-Traders








September 6, 2011 10:52 am US/Eastern 


* Technical Analysis
* Market Quotes
* Market News
* Market Screeners and Tools



* 



* North America
* Europe
* Africa
* Asia
* Indexes
* Forex
* Commodities
* Sectors



* Latest news
* Hot News
* Most Read News
* Calendar



* Trends
* Technical signals
* Gainers / Losers
* Most active
* STIM
* Consensus
* Moving Averages
* RSI
* Gaps
* Capitalizations
* Surperformance&copy; ratings







Front Page


 Quick Quotes   - United States Of America   - United Kingdom   - Tunisia
  - The Netherlands   - Switzerland   - Spain   - South Africa   -
Portugal   - Poland   - Norway   - Morocco   - Japan   - Italy   -
Ireland   - Hong Kong   - Greece   - Germany   - France   - Finland   -
Denmark   - Canada   - Belgium   - Austria 


 









4-Traders Homepage  >  Shares  >  Nasdaq  >  Anacor Pharmaceuticals Inc  
ANAC   US0324201013

 Real time Streaming quotes -





ANACOR PHARMACEUTICALS INC



 (ANAC)

 


 


 
 Delayed Nasdaq - 09/06 10:27:31 am
4.83 USD   +0.63%

 


08:40 am : Anacor and GlaxoSmithKline Amend and Expand R&D Collaborati..


09/01 : Anacor Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Stifel Nicolaus 20..


08/31 : Anacor Pharmaceuticals and Medicines for Malaria Venture Ex..





Summary Quotes Chart Analysis News Calendar Company Financials Consensus Re
visions







  


Print





09/06/2011 | 08:40 am


ANACOR PHARMA : Anacor and GlaxoSmithKline Amend and Expand R&D
Collaboration






Anacor Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ANAC) announced today that it has amended
and expanded its research and development collaboration with
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) to provide GSK the option to extend its rights
around the bacterial enzyme target leucyl-tRNA synthetase (LeuRS), as
well as to add new programs for tuberculosis (TB) and malaria using
Anacor's boron chemistry platform. As a result of the amendment, Anacor
will receive a $5 million upfront payment as well as additional potential
milestones and research funding of up to $11.3 million by year end 2012.
Anacor is also eligible to receive additional milestones and royalties on
future sales of resulting products.

The original research and development collaboration was entered into in
October 2007 for the discovery, development and worldwide
commercialization of boron-based systemic anti-infectives against four
discovery targets, including LeuRS. As part of the current amendment, all
rights to the other three original targets will revert to Anacor.

"We have had a productive relationship with GSK over the last four years
and are pleased to expand our research efforts with them to include
tuberculosis and malaria," said David Perry, Chief Executive Officer of
Anacor Pharmaceuticals. "This amendment allows us to continue our work in
neglected diseases and provides additional financial resources for our
lead clinical programs."

Extension of LeuRS Program

The amended agreement provides an option for GSK to expand its rights
around the bacterial enzyme target LeuRS in return for a milestone
payment ranging from $5.5 million to $6.5 million, depending upon the
timing of such payment. Any future work under the collaboration directed
towards LeuRS will be funded by GSK through a collaborative research
program under which Anacor and GSK would pursue additional drug
candidates to candidate selection, following which, GSK would have the
right to undertake further development and commercialization. Anacor
would be eligible for additional milestones and royalties on sales of
resulting products.

New Tuberculosis Program

In addition, the amendment to the collaboration adds a new program for
TB, under which GSK will fund Anacor's TB research activities through to
candidate selection. Upon meeting candidate selection criteria, GSK will
have the option to license TB compounds and would be responsible for all
further development and commercialization. Anacor would be eligible for
additional milestones and royalties on sales of resulting products.

New Malaria Program

The amendment also includes the option for GSK to acquire rights to
Anacor's malaria program, focused on development of the lead compound,
AN3661, currently being developed through a collaboration with Medicines
for Malaria Venture (MMV). Anacor and MMV will continue to conduct
preclinical, Phase 1 and Phase 2 proof of concept studies for AN3661, and
GSK will have the option to license the program on an exclusive worldwide
basis upon AN3661 achieving Phase 2 proof of concept. Upon exercise of
this option, Anacor would receive $5 million, less $1.7 million which
will be paid to MMV as reimbursement for previously received funding and
which will be reinvested in future anti-malarial research. Anacor would
also be eligible for additional milestones and royalties on sales of
resulting products.

About Anacor Pharmaceuticals

Anacor is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing
and commercializing novel small-molecule therapeutics derived from its
boron chemistry platform. Anacor has five compounds in clinical
development, all of which were internally discovered, including its three
lead programs: AN2690, a topical antifungal for the treatment of
onychomycosis; AN2728, a topical anti-inflammatory PDE-4 inhibitor for
the treatment of psoriasis and atopic dermatitis; and GSK 2251052, or GSK
'052 (formerly referred to as AN3365), a systemic antibiotic for the
treatment of infections caused by Gram-negative bacteria, which has been
licensed to GlaxoSmithKline under the companies' research and development
agreement. In addition, Anacor is developing AN2718 as a topical
antifungal product candidate for the treatment of onychomycosis and skin
fungal infections, and AN2898 as a topical anti-inflammatory product
candidate for the treatment of psoriasis and atopic dermatitis.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that relate to
future events, including achieving candidate selection for a TB compound,
the successful completion of preclinical, Phase 1 and human proof of
concept studies for AN3661, development and commercialization of these
compounds, and GSK opting to expand its rights around the target LeuRS.
These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause timing, actual levels of
activity, performance or achievement to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including risks
related to enrollment and successful completion of our trials, risk of
unforeseen side effects and risks related to regulatory approval of new
drug candidates. These statements reflect the views of Anacor as of the
date of this press release with respect to future events and, except as
required by law, it undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise after the date of this press release.





Anacor Pharmaceuticals
DeDe Sheel, 650-543-7575
Investor Relations and Corporate Communications
dsheel@anacor.com





© Business Wire 2011







Latest news on ANACOR PHARMACEUTICALS IN


08:40 am Anacor and GlaxoSmithKline Amend and Expand R&D Collaboration
09/01 Anacor Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Stifel Nicolaus 2011
Healthcare Confere..
08/31 Anacor Pharmaceuticals and Medicines for Malaria Venture Extend
Development Agre..
08/11 Anacor Pharmaceuticals Reports Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results
08/10 Anacor Announces First Development Candidate in Animal Health under
Research Col..
08/09 Anacor Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 2011 Wedbush Life Sciences
Conference
08/04 Anacor Pharmaceuticals Announces Second Quarter 2011 Financial
Results Conferenc..
06/28 Anacor Pharmaceuticals Partnership Advances Novel Drug Candidate to
Combat Sleep..
06/27 Anacor Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Preliminary Results from
Phase 2b Tria..
06/22 Anacor Pharmaceuticals Announces GSK Has Initiated Two Phase 2
Trials of GSK '05..

  

Advertisement



Income Statement Evolution



More Financials





EPS Revisions



More Estimates Revisions






Advertisement












Site Map

Technical Analysis



Market Quotes


* North America
* Europe
* Africa
* Asia
* Indexes
* Forex
* Commodities
* Sectors


Market News


* Latest news
* Hot News
* Most Read News
* Calendar


Market Screeners and Tools


* Trends
* Technical signals
* Gainers / Losers
* Most active
* STIM
* Consensus
* Moving Averages
* RSI
* Gaps
* Capitalizations
* Surperformance&copy; ratings








 Copyright © 2011 Surperformance. All rights reserved.   |   Contact us 
 |   Surperformance website   |    










