Anika Therapeutics to Present at the Rodman & Renshaw Annual Global
Investment Conference on September 12 - MarketWatch





Bulletin






Investor Alert

Global markets on heels





Live Video

'Markets Hub' has your live market update








Sign in

Become a MarketWatch member today


* Front Page
* News Viewer
* Commentary
* Markets
* Investing
* Personal Finance
* Community
* Games














press release

Sept. 6, 2011, 8:30 a.m. EDT


Anika Therapeutics to Present at the Rodman & Renshaw Annual Global
Investment Conference on September 12




















BEDFORD, Mass., Sep 06, 2011 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Anika Therapeutics, Inc.
a leader in products for tissue protection, healing and repair, based on
hyaluronic acid ("HA") technology, today announced that President and
Chief Executive Officer Dr. Charles H. Sherwood will present at the
Rodman & Renshaw Annual Global Investment Conference in New York City.
The live presentation will be webcast at 3:40 p.m. ET on Monday,
September 12, 2011 and may be accessed via the "Investors" section of
Anika's website at www.anikatherapeutics.com . An archive of the
presentation also will be available on the website.

About Anika Therapeutics, Inc.

Headquartered in Bedford, Mass., Anika Therapeutics, Inc. develops,
manufactures and commercializes therapeutic products for tissue
protection, healing, and repair. These products are based on hyaluronic
acid (HA), a naturally occurring, biocompatible polymer found throughout
the body. Anika's products range from orthopedic/joint health solutions
led by Orthovisc(R), a treatment for osteoarthritis of the knee; to
surgical aids in the ophthalmic and anti-adhesion fields. The company
also offers aesthetic dermal fillers for the correction of facial
wrinkles. Anika's Italian subsidiary, Anika Therapeutics, S.r.l, provides
complementary HA products in orthopedic/joint health and anti-adhesion,
as well as therapeutics in new areas such as advanced wound treatment and
ear, nose and throat care. Its regenerative tissue technology advances
Anika's vision to offer therapeutic products that go beyond pain relief
to protect and restore damaged tissue.

SOURCE: Anika Therapeutics, Inc.




        
        Anika Therapeutics, Inc. 
        Charles H. Sherwood, Ph.D., 781-457-9000 
        CEO 
        or 
        Kevin W. Quinlan, 781-457-9000 
        CFO
        




Copyright Business Wire 2011


/quotes/zigman/53930/quotes/nls/anik





Add ANIK to portfolio ANIK



Anika Therapeutics Inc.



$ 5.76

-0.05 -0.87%




Volume: 3,316

Sept. 6, 2011 10:37a










































Most Popular


1. 




2. 




3. 




4. 




5. 







Find a Broker


Ã‚Â»

















Featured Stories


* Gold climbs to record above $1,900 an ounce

  SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Gold futures climbed Tuesday to trade
  above $1,900 an ounce as steep...


* U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

  The U.S. service sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in August,
  but growth was spotty and prices paid...


* Why the young jobless will ruin your portfolio

  Without jobs or accumulated wealth todayÃ¢Â€Â™s young Americans
  wonÃ¢Â€Â™t be able to retire, and those retiring soon...


* 
* Italy budget backtrack stirs market worries














* WSJ
  o WSJ

* MarketWatch
  o MarketWatch
  o Facebook
  o Twitter





* Barron's
  o Barron's

* SmartMoney
  o SmartMoney

* AllThingsDigital
  o AllThingsDigital

* FINS
  o FINS

* More
  o BigCharts
  o Virtual Stock Exchange
  o Financial News
  o WSJ Asia
    - WSJ India
    - 
    - 

  o WSJ Europe
  o WSJ Americas
    - en Espa&ntilde;ol
    - em Portugu&ecirc;s

  o WSJ Radio
  o WSJ Wine





SEARCH








10:51 AM EDT

September 6, 2011


/marketstate/country/us
New York

Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

Closed






/marketstate/country/us



/marketstate/country/uk



/marketstate/country/jp













View All


Latest News


1. /news/latest 10:43a

   U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

2. 10:38a

   Vancouver loses top spot in liveability survey

3. 10:32a

   PepsiCo is still playing ball with the NFL

4. 10:31a

   U.S. stocks slump on EuropeÃ¢Â€Â™s woes

5. 10:28a

   Thirty-year bond yields hit January 2009 low

6. 10:26a

   Treasurys up; 10-year yields hit record low

7. 10:25a

   Techs join broad market retreat

8. 10:23a

   Whitbread, miners help lift FTSE 100

9. 10:22a

   Best Buy cut to neutral; shares drop

10. 10:22a

    Analyst says FHFA suit could cost $60 billion

11. 10:21a

    BREAKING

    U.S. 30-year yields fall to January 2009 low

12. 10:21a

    Oil declines, taking cues from sharp stock drop

13. 10:16a

    IBM, Chevron, Boeing weighing on Dow

14. 10:15a

    Gold taps record above $1,900 an ounce

15. 10:14a

    Dow headed below 10,000 as cyclical bear begins

16. 10:14a

    Citi, B. of A. lead swoon in financial shares

17. 10:11a

    Employment trends index slips in August

18. 10:08a

    Dollar slips, Treasurys stay up after ISM

19. 10:06a

    BREAKING

    U.S. stocks trim losses as services index up

20. 10:06a

    ISM services-sector index rises to 53.3% in August

21. Loading more headlines...





dow


/quotes/zigman/627449/delayed
10,960.76


-279.50

-2.49%








nasdaq


/quotes/zigman/123127
2,420.07


-60.26

-2.43%








s&amp;p 500


/quotes/zigman/3870025
1,143.30


-30.67

-2.61%














Kiosk


* 1309316400000

  1309377600000



  Commodities Corner




  Myra P. Saefong
  Benching a benchmark Ã‚Â 
  West Texas Intermediate, the oil index long used to project U.S.
  motor-fuel price trends, no longer is accurate benchmark. Here's what's
  replaced it.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary3.html 166051



* 1309982400000

  1310072100000



  Tech Investor




  John Shinal
  Learning the lesson of tech jobs
  There are larger implications for the U.S. economy to be found in the
  hiring trends in the domestic tech sector, and in India.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary.html 166049



* 1309370400000

  1309428000000



  Second Opinion




  John C. Dvorak
  Dell can dominate PC world
  This is the perfect opportunity to wrest control of the U.S. PC
  business from Apple and H-P, and take over in China as well. All Dell
  has to do is execute.


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard4.html 166054



* 1241971200000

  1242619200000



  Alternative Asset Classes




  The fine art of investing
  As an asset class, fine art is a proven long-term storehouse for
  wealth. The current marketÃ‚Â woes just add to art's established allure.


  /conga/kiosk/investing.html 166219



* 1308830400000

  1308901200000



  Asia




  Rich tastes get pricier
  The cost of living the luxury life in Asia soared in dollar terms over
  the past year, according to a lifestyle index. What's behind the higher
  luxury prices?


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard2.html 165868



* 1303590000000

  1303749600000



  Car Review




  2012 VW Beetle Turbo
  It may resemble the "New Beetle,"Ã‚Â  but Volkswagen's 2012 offering is
  a better bug, writes Ron Amadon.
  Ã¢Â€Â¢ More car reviews from Ron Amadon


  165998













MarketWatch.com

* Site Index
* Topics
* Help
* Feedback
* Newsroom Roster
* Media Archive
* Premium Products
* Mobile

* Company Info
* Code of Conduct
* Corrections
* Advertising Media Kit
* Advertise Locally
* License our Content
* Broker Center

* MarketWatch on Facebook
* 
* MarketWatch on Twitter
* 
* RSS
* Podcasts



* WSJ.com
* Barron's Online
* BigCharts
* Virtual Stock Exchange
* All Things Digital

* MarketWatch Community
* Financial News Online
* WSJ.com Small Business
* FINS: Finance, IT jobs, Sales jobs









Copyright © 2011 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.



Intraday Data provided by SIX Telekurs and subject to terms of use.
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Telekurs. Intraday
data delayed per exchange requirements. Dow Jones Indexes (SM) from Dow
Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time
last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded
symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15
minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. Dow Jones
IndexesSM from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided
by SIX Telekurs and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in
local exchange time.







* MarketsMarkets







  Data is loading...




* QuotesQuotes







  Data is loading...




* My PortfolioMy Portfolio







  Data is loading...




* My AlertsMy Alerts







  Data is loading...




* CommunityCommunity




  HOT PICKS MY PICKS MY GROUPS




  Data is loading...





ALERT:




MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice. 15







Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?






The action you requested requires a MarketWatch Community display name.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?



Community

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»

MarketWatch Community is a free service that lets you discover, organize
and share MarketWatch stories with other readers.

Learn More Ã‚Â»





The action you requested is only available to MarketWatch members.
Please sign in or register.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?




Register

Don't have a MarketWatch account?

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»


By registering, you are agreeing to MarketWatch's Terms of Service and to
receiving periodic news and special offers via email about MarketWatch
enhancements, products and services.



