AUTHENTEC : TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's
New MORIS(TM) Multifactor Mobile ID Terminal for Law Enforcement |
4-Traders








September 6, 2011 10:53 am US/Eastern 


* Technical Analysis
* Market Quotes
* Market News
* Market Screeners and Tools



* 



* North America
* Europe
* Africa
* Asia
* Indexes
* Forex
* Commodities
* Sectors



* Latest news
* Hot News
* Most Read News
* Calendar



* Trends
* Technical signals
* Gainers / Losers
* Most active
* STIM
* Consensus
* Moving Averages
* RSI
* Gaps
* Capitalizations
* Surperformance&copy; ratings







Front Page


 Quick Quotes   - United States Of America   - United Kingdom   - Tunisia
  - The Netherlands   - Switzerland   - Spain   - South Africa   -
Portugal   - Poland   - Norway   - Morocco   - Japan   - Italy   -
Ireland   - Hong Kong   - Greece   - Germany   - France   - Finland   -
Denmark   - Canada   - Belgium   - Austria 


 









4-Traders Homepage  >  Shares  >  Nasdaq  >  AuthenTec, Inc.   AUTH  
US0526601077

 Real time Streaming quotes -





AUTHENTEC, INC.



 (AUTH)

 


 


 
 End-of-day quote Nasdaq - 09/02
2.85 USD   -1.72%

 


09:11 am : TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's
New..


08:15 am : TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's
New..


08/31 : QuickPlay Media Leverages AuthenTec DRM Solution to Securely De..





Summary Quotes Chart Analysis News Calendar Company Financials Consensus Re
visions







  


Print





09/06/2011 | 09:11 am


AUTHENTEC : TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's
New MORIS(TM) Multifactor Mobile ID Terminal for Law Enforcement






* Provides Android and iPhones with Tri-modal Mobile ID capability
* FIPS 201-compliant TCS1 TouchChip module adds fingerprint
  identification capability to MORIS' iris and facial recognition
  capabilities

MELBOURNE, Fla., Sep 06, 2011 (BUSINESS WIRE) --

AuthenTec (NASDAQ: AUTH), a leading provider of security and identity
management solutions, announced today that its TCEFC1 TouchChip module
with the FIPS-201 approved TCS1 TouchChip(R) fingerprint sensor adds
fingerprint identification capability to BI2 Technology, LLC's
(www.bi2technologies.com) new Mobile Offender Recognition and
Identification System (MORIS(TM)) which is now entering mass production
for shipment to police and law enforcement agencies in the U.S. The
lightweight MORIS(TM) device attaches to a smartphone to allow police in
the field to quickly identify criminals, accident victims or lost or
missing persons through three means of biometric identification:
fingerprint, iris and facial recognition.

AuthenTec's TCS1 module, mounted on the back of the MORIS(TM) mobile ID
terminal, allows police to capture high resolution (500 DPI) fingerprint
images which are encrypted and transmitted for comparison against
fingerprints of known criminals. Police can use MORIS(TM) to identify
suspects while in the field, greatly increasing the potential that wanted
criminals, accident victims or lost/missing people will be identified.
This is particularly important since many criminals are using
increasingly sophisticated forms of false identification.

"We believe that the MORIS(TM) mobile ID terminal is a true game changer
for law enforcement, and we appreciate the outstanding fingerprint sensor
technology that AuthenTec adds to this device," said Sean Mullin, CEO of
BI2 Technologies, LLC. "AuthenTec's TCS1 TouchChip provides the
high-resolution fingerprint images required for comparison to the FBI's
huge database of fingerprints, allowing police in the field to make quick
and positive fingerprint identification on the spot. Only AuthenTec
offered the selection of sensor and interfaces that enabled us to easily
integrate the fingerprint sensor into MORIS(TM) with very little
technical effort or risk."

"The mobile ID market is a fast growing market in which BI2's MORIS(TM)
breaks new ground. We are pleased that our TouchChip sensor technology
has been selected as part of this innovative, multi-module mobile
biometric device," said Mike Chaudoin, AuthenTec Director of Government
and Access Control. "Our TCS1 sensor has been the preferred choice for
mobile ID platforms such as the lightweight and innovative MORIS(TM)
device due to TouchChip's thin package design, low power consumption and
compliance with government standards."

MORIS(TM) is the world's first wireless, tri-modal biometric system on a
smartphone. This 12.5 ounce Smartphone transforms an iPhone or Android
phone into a multi-modal biometric mobile ID terminal. The first
production shipments of the MORIS(TM) devices will begin shipping to
approximately 40 U.S. counties beginning in the fall of 2011. MORIS(TM)
was included in Popular Science's 'Best of What's New' listing as one of
the 100 best innovations of 2010.

AuthenTec's TCS1 is the world's only silicon fingerprint sensor to meet
the FBI's strict image quality requirements for Federal Information
Processing Standard 201 (FIPS 201) required for personal identity
verification. Whether authenticating holders of national ID cards or
securing access to government facilities, AuthenTec technology is used
around the world to provide high levels of security. The Company's
complete offering for mobile and network security and identity management
includes fingerprint sensors, identity management software, hardware IP,
and encryption software for mobile and networking applications. AuthenTec
solutions ensure security and user identity from the client to the cloud,
and are deployed by the world's leading companies including
Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco, Fujitsu, HBO, HP, IBM, Motorola, Orange, Samsung,
Siemens, and Texas Instruments among many others.

About AuthenTec

AuthenTec is the world's #1 provider of fingerprint sensors, identity
management software, and embedded security solutions. AuthenTec solutions
address enterprise, consumer and government applications for a growing
base of top tier global customers. Already shipped on hundreds of
millions of devices, the Company's smart sensor products, software and
embedded security solutions are used virtually everywhere, from the PC on
your desk to the mobile device in your hand to the server in the cloud.
AuthenTec offers developers and users secure and convenient ways to
manage today's rapidly evolving digital identities and security needs.
For more information, visit www.authentec.com or follow us at
twitter.com/authentecnews.

About BI2 Technologies, LLC

BI2 Technologies, LLC ("BI2"; www.bi2technologies.com) develops and sells
biometric identification systems and applications used throughout the
world. In 2007, BI2 (BI2 is short for short for Biometric Intelligence
and Identification) introduced numerous biometric based law enforcement
tools and applications for inmate intake and booking, inmate release
tracking, access control; sex offender registration and tracking, and
various gang related tools for ongoing registration and tracking. The
Company's patented and patent pending technologies focus on iris
recognition technologies and are designed as complementary tools to
existing fingerprint technologies and biometric systems in use today. All
of BI2's product lines seamlessly integrate with most jail management
systems, records management systems, access control systems and/or
security systems in use today. BI2's innovative, multimodal biometric
systems have been endorsed by the National Sheriffs' Association ("NSA"),
the National Association of Triads ("TRIAD"), and the American
Association of Ophthalmologists.

SOURCE: AuthenTec

AuthenTec

Brent Dietz, +1-321-308-1320

Director of Communications

brent.dietz@authentec.com




Press release transmitted by noodls








Latest news on AUTHENTEC, INC.


09:11 am TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's New
MORIS(TM) Multif..
08:15 am TouchChip Fingerprint Sensors Selected for BI2 Technology's New
MORIS? Multifact..
08/31 QuickPlay Media Leverages AuthenTec DRM Solution to Securely
Deliver Streaming M..
08/29 Three New Waterproof Fujitsu Mobile Phones from NTT DOCOMO Now
Available with Au..
08/25 And Harmonic Deliver Secure End-to-end Video Distribution Platform
for Apple and..
08/22 New TazPad Android Tablet Is World's First to Offer Fingerprint
Sensor for Highl..
08/18 To Present at 2011 Citi Technology Conference on September 8, 2011
08/04 Reports Second Quarter Financial Results
08/03 Announces Availability of the First Commercial Fingerprint Sensor
Software Devel..
08/02 NXP, AuthenTec and DeviceFidelity Complete First
Fingerprint-enabled NFC Payment..

  

Advertisement



Income Statement Evolution



More Financials





EPS Revisions



More Estimates Revisions






Advertisement












Site Map

Technical Analysis



Market Quotes


* North America
* Europe
* Africa
* Asia
* Indexes
* Forex
* Commodities
* Sectors


Market News


* Latest news
* Hot News
* Most Read News
* Calendar


Market Screeners and Tools


* Trends
* Technical signals
* Gainers / Losers
* Most active
* STIM
* Consensus
* Moving Averages
* RSI
* Gaps
* Capitalizations
* Surperformance&copy; ratings








 Copyright Â© 2011 Surperformance. All rights reserved.   |   Contact us 
 |   Surperformance website   |    










