Ticker Watch: Transportation Stocks Fall Drastically (AAWW) (UTIW) (GBX)
(FRO) (ESEA)








































































































Pages



* Home
* World Market Overview
* Day Trading Radio
* Privacy Policy
* Contact Us















































































































Subscribe for free stock alerts!






















Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Transportation Stocks Fall Drastically (AAWW) (UTIW) (GBX) (FRO) (ESEA)






Atlas Air Worldwide Hldgs (NASDAQ: AAWW): fell by 5.26% or $-2.45/share
to $44.11. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $39.66 and
as high as $73.19. On average, 259695 shares of AAWW exchange hands on a
given day and today's volume is recorded at 50590. The shares are
currently trading below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which
indicates that the shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The
stock may bounce back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may
want to pay close attention for a move up to the $48.42 area but be
careful because the stock may face selling pressure at this level.

UTi Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ: UTIW): fell by 5.09% or $-0.74/share to
$13.80. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $11.94 and as
high as $24.05. On average, 754427 shares of UTIW exchange hands on a
given day and today's volume is recorded at 172946. The shares are
currently trading below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which
indicates that the shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The
stock may bounce back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may
want to pay close attention for a move up to the $14.56 area but be
careful because the stock may face selling pressure at this level.

The Greenbrier Companies (NYSE: GBX): fell by 4.31% or $-0.66/share to
$14.67. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $11.78 and as
high as $30.38. On average, 670992 shares of GBX exchange hands on a
given day and today's volume is recorded at 57995. The shares are
currently trading below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which
indicates that the shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The
stock may bounce back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may
want to pay close attention for a move up to the $17.30 area but be
careful because the stock may face selling pressure at this level.

Frontline Ltd. (USA) (NYSE: FRO): fell by 3.66% or $-0.2508/share to
$6.61. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $6.10 and as
high as $29.47. On average, 2255170 shares of FRO exchange hands on a
given day and today's volume is recorded at 374996. The shares are
currently trading below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which
indicates that the shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The
stock may bounce back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may
want to pay close attention for a move up to the $8.75 area but be
careful because the stock may face selling pressure at this level.

Euroseas Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESEA): fell by 5.33% or $-0.2/share to $3.55. In
the past year, the shares have traded as low as $3.38 and as high as
$5.28. On average, 35680 shares of ESEA exchange hands on a given day and
today's volume is recorded at 2551. The shares are currently trading
below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which indicates that the
shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The stock may bounce
back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may want to pay close
attention for a move up to the $3.89 area but be careful because the
stock may face selling pressure at this level.






Posted by Eric Savoie at 10:20 AM

























Newer Post Older Post Home














Breaking News



Loading...































Please Donate








































 

 






The reports on this site are for information purposes only and are not a
recommendation for the purchase of securities. The information contained
in these reports have been gathered from sources we believe to be
reliable, however, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or
completeness to such information.



























