Ticker Watch: Dividend Deadlines Nearing: (NYSE: ACG), (NASDAQ: ADP),
(NYSE: AFB), (NYSE: AKP), (NASDAQ: ARMH)








































































































Pages



* Home
* World Market Overview
* Day Trading Radio
* Privacy Policy
* Contact Us















































































































Subscribe for free stock alerts!






















Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Dividend Deadlines Nearing: (NYSE: ACG), (NASDAQ: ADP), (NYSE: AFB),
(NYSE: AKP), (NASDAQ: ARMH)






ALLIANCBERNST FUND (NYSE: ACG) has an ex-dividend expiration date
tomorrow. To receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior
to the ex-dividend date. The current yield is 5.5%, which is equivalent
to $0.44 for the year.

Automatic Data Process (NASDAQ: ADP)'s ex-dividend date is tomorrow. To
receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the
ex-dividend date. The current yield is 3.0%, which is $1.44 for the year.

ALLIANCE BERNSTEIN NATL MUNI INCM FD INC (NYSE: AFB)'s ex-dividend date
is tomorrow. To receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day
prior to the ex-dividend date. The current yield is 6.8%, which is $0.93
for the year.

ALLIANCE CA MUNI INCM FD INC (NYSE: AKP) has an ex-dividend expiration
date tomorrow. To receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day
prior to the ex-dividend date. The current yield is 6.7%, which comes out
to be approximately $0.91 for the year.

Arm Holdings (NASDAQ: ARMH) is going ex-dividend tomorrow. To receive the
dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the ex-dividend date.
The current yield is 0.4%, which is equivalent to $0.12 for the year.






Posted by Eric Savoie at 9:53 AM

























Newer Post Older Post Home














Breaking News



Loading...































Please Donate








































 

 






The reports on this site are for information purposes only and are not a
recommendation for the purchase of securities. The information contained
in these reports have been gathered from sources we believe to be
reliable, however, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or
completeness to such information.



























