The Markets Are Open: Internet Companies Powering the Cloud (CRM) (FFIV)
(RVBD) (N) (AKAM)








































































































Pages




    












































































































Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Internet Companies Powering the Cloud (CRM) (FFIV) (RVBD) (N) (AKAM)






Salesforce.com (CRM) dropped $5.6 per share or 4.53%, falling to $118.01.
Shares of Salesforce.com have traded as high as $160.12 per share and as
low as $97.92 in the last year.

F5 Networks (FFIV) struggled to keep afloat today, and fell by 4.34% to
$73.0 per share. 405,562 shares were traded so far in today's session. On
average, a total of 2 million shares are exchanged in FFIV each day.

Riverbed Technology (RVBD) shares got pounded today, falling by 5.22% to
$21.97 per share. 702,919 shares were traded so far in today's session.
On average, a total of 5 million shares are exchanged in RVBD each day.

NetSuite Inc (N) stock got hit in today's trading session, moving
downwards by 3.44% to $29.22. The move occured on volume of 79,211 which
is relative to the 566,783 shares which trade on average each day.

Akamai (AKAM) fell 2.49% in today's trading to $19.99 per share. 733,854
shares were traded so far in today's session. On average, a total of 5
million shares are exchanged in AKAM each day.






Posted by Andyraw at 10:40 AM









0 comments:







Post a Comment

















Newer Post Older Post Home




Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)















Daily Featured Reports


























Featured Report












Today's Market











Top Stories











Donate


Thank you for supporting our team! Please help us reach our funding.

















 












Search The Site



Loading...



































Article Archive




Article Archive September (126) August (853) July (460) June (808) May
(498) April (176) March (53) February (37) January (87) December (59)
November (87) October (194) September (36) August (21) July (18) June (2)
May (1)






































Please check with your financial advisor before making any investment
decisions. Disclaimer: Do not base any investment decision upon any
materials found in our Stock Reports. We are not registered as a
securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or with any state
securities regulatory authority. We are neither licensed nor qualified to
provide investment advice. The information contained in our report is not
an offer to buy or sell securities. We distribute this information free
of charge exclusively to individuals who wish to receive it.
Copyright 2011. Powered by Blogger.










 






















