3 Short And 4 Long Ideas Based On Fair Value Estimates - Seeking Alpha






* See the difference! Customize Seeking Alpha: Sign in or join
* 


Seeking Alpha

















* Home |
* Portfolio |
* Market Currents |
* Long &amp; Short Ideas |
* Investing for Income |
* ETFs &amp; Portfolio Strategy |
* Macro View |
* Earnings
* 













3 Short And 4 Long Ideas Based On Fair Value Estimates



&nbsp;2 comments |  by: Dr. Osman Gulseven September 6, 2011  | 
includes: AAPL, AMZN, BIDU, CSCO, INTC, NFLX, SIRI
   






* Font Size:

* Print

* Email
* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share





There are several ways to estimate the fair value of a company. From a
financial engineering perspective, investors expect the investment
project to provide substantial profits for the future. By purchasing a
stock of the company, investors are entitled a share of the future
profits. However, time has a value itself. Therefore one needs to
discount the future profits by using appropriate discount rate. As
Professor Donald F. Kuratko from Indiana University, Kelley School of
Business, describes this model as:


This model attempts to establish future earning power in current dollars.
Projects future earnings (five years), calculates the present value using
a then discounted rate based on projected “timing” of future income.


Besides the future earnings, the company already has some assets that you
are entitled a portion of. Adding these assets to the present value of
future earnings gives us the FED+ Model:

Future Earnings Discounted Plus Equity Model

This model is primarily used for estimating the returns from long-term
projects. It is also frequently used to price fair-valued IPOs. The
methodology is based on discounting the present value of the future
earnings to the current period:

V = E0 + E1 /(1+r) + E2 /(1+r)2 + E3/(1+r)3 + E4/(1+r)4 + E5/(1+r)5 +
Disposal Value

V = E0 + E0 (1+g)/(1+r) + E0(1+g)2/(1+r)2 + … + E0(1+g)5/(1+r)5 +
E0(1+g)5/[r(1+r)5]

The earnings after the last period act as a perpetuity that creates
regular earnings:

Disposal Value = D = E0(1+g)5/[r(1+r)5] = E5 / r

While this formula might look scary for many of us, it easily calculates
the fair value of a stock. All we need is the current-period earnings,
earnings growth estimate, and the discount rate. To be as objective as
possible, I use Morningstar data for my estimates. You can set these
parameters as you wish, according to your own due diligence. So far I’ve
analyzed the fair values of several stocks. Here is a brief analysis of 3
stocks trading above their fair value and 4 stocks trading within and
below their fair-value:


Stock
 

Average P/E
 

EPS Growth Estimate
 

Closing Price
 

Fair Value Range
 

O-Metrix Score


Baidu (BIDU)
 

48.17
 

48.00%
 

$140
 

$140 - $145
 

4.99


Amazon (AMZN)
 

77.69
 

26.42%
 

$210
 

$74 - $91
 

1.70


Netflix (NFLX)
 

42.28
 

31.38%
 

$213
 

$167 - $173
 

3.71


SiriusXM (SIRI)
 

35.22
 

30.00%
 

$1.72
 

$1.76 - $1.88
 

4.29


Apple (AAPL)
 

13.24
 

20.85%
 

$374
 

$363 - $430
 

7.84


Cisco (CSCO)
 

10.71
 

10.65%
 

$15.41
 

$15 - $23
 

5.70


Intel (INTC)
 

8.55
 

10.69%
 

$19.64
 

$26 - $34
 

8.75


Short Ideas

Baidu, a Jim Cramer favorite, is trading at the lower end of its fair
value range. However, the stock is trading at P/B ratio of 28. It has a
book value of $5.01 per share. As the largest internet information
provider in China, Baidu’s trailing twelve month revenues were equal to
$1.65 billion. Thus, the stock is trading at 29.63 times its revenues.
The stock is trading with a sky-high P/E ratio of 63.84, and a forward
P/E ratio of 32.51. In the last five years annualized EPS growth was
136%. However, with a market cap of $51.8 billion, I do not expect the
growth to keep its pace. Even if it does, this has already been priced by
the market. The stock returned 45% since January. I think it is a good
time to realize the profits. (Full analysis, here)

Amazon.com is the world’s leading international online retailer.
Seattle-based Amazon was founded by Jeffry P. Bezos from his garage.
Initially started as an online book-store, the company offers almost
anything that customers want to buy. As of September 3rd, Amazon was
trading at a price of $210. I like Amazon as a company. Its website
allows me to get real good deals for products that I can easily find. I
see great growth potential, as well. However, the market already priced
this potential. The current price of $210 indicates the stock is
dangerously overvalued. Based on my FED+ fair value estimate, Amazon is
more than 100% more expensive than my fair-value range. The stock has to
fall by 60% to be fairly-priced. (Full analysis, here)

Netflix is trading 30% lower, but 60% higher than its 52-week high. It
seems like Wall Street has extremely divided opinion on the stock.
Wedbush has an underperform rating with a target price of $100, whereas
Oppenheimer has an outperform rating with a target price of $360. My FED+
Fair value range for Netflix is $167 - $173. Even with an EPS growth
estimate of 31.38%, Netflix has a below average O-Metrix score of 3.71.

Long Ideas

I was on the bearish side of Sirius XM until the company reported decent
earnings. Sirius XM is one of the most highly-speculated and manipulated
stocks in the market. The stock lost 11.34% in the last month, while
returning 70.30% in a year. It was a good short 3 months ago with no
reported profits and a price of $2.2. Surely, Sirius XM has some serious
debt issues. Debt/Equity ratio of 6.12 is a strong red signal. However,
it recently reported some good profits and is trading 30% below its
52-week high, which makes it a fairly-valued stock. If the analysts’
estimates of 30% EPS growth hold, Sirius XM could be an outperformer.
(Full analysis, here)

Apple is among my favorite stocks. I was also on the bearish side of
Apple when it was trading around $400 with a P/E ratio of above 20.
However, Apple reported surprisingly good earnings in the last quarter.
The stock is priced for a value-type of company, whereas analysts
estimate around 20% EPS growth for the next 5 years. As I stated here,
when Apple was trading at $330, the stock has a strong resistance at $330
level. Do not expect the 40% annualized returns of the last 5 years, but
a moderate annualized return of 20% - 25% is enough to beat the market.
(Full analysis, here)

Cisco and Intel are both in the list of fallen angels. They were the most
popular stocks of the techno bubble show. At one point Cisco reached $500
billion market cap.

Cisco might never reach its market cap again, but it is offering a good
value to patient investors. It is trading with a low trailing P/E ratio
of 13.28 and a forward P/E ratio of 8.15. P/B value of 1.79 is among the
lowest ratios in technology sector. Based on 10.65% EPS growth estimate,
Cisco has an O-Metrix score of 5.70. (Full analysis, here)

Intel, the glorious winner of the microchip battle, is trading with a
single digit P/E ratio of 9.01. It has a nifty yield of 4.28%, which
rarely happens for a company of Intel’s size. There is no debt issue and
PEG ratio of 0.84 is below the norm of 1. My fair value estimate range
for Intel is $26 - $34. I think there is no downside potential left for
Intel. (Full analysis, here)

You can download FED+ Fair Value Estimator, here.

Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to
initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.




This article is tagged with: Long &amp; Short Ideas, Quick Picks &amp;
Lists

More articles by Dr. Osman Gulseven &raquo;

* Walt Disney Has Significant Upside Potential Today
* Home Depot's 60% Upside Potential Today
* Top Diversified Dividend Picks For The Next 5 Years Today





3 Reasons Why Bears Think Apple Can Fail (And Why It Will Not)

Today

by Rocco Pendola


Analyzing My 5 Favorite Stocks: Still Buying At Current Levels

Today

by Cameron Kaine


Baidu Set To Enter Mobile OS Space

Fri, Sep 2

by Robert Weinstein


6 Stocks That Can Make Money In A Low Growth Environment

Thu, Sep 1

by Atticvs Research




War On Research In Motion Ends: 'Crackberries' Re-Enter The Streets

Today

by Cameron Kaine


Will Windows 8 Merge The Desktop With The Smartphone?

Today

by Erick Schonfeld


Does Amazon Have An iPad Killer Up Its Sleeve?

Today

by Michael K. Dawson


Stock Stress Test: Apple Looks Fairly Valued

Today

by David Nelson




Cramer's 4 Favorite Stock Picks In Recent Weeks

Thu, Sep 1

by Dr. Osman Gulseven


Baidu: Limited Upside, Unlimited Downside

Wed, Aug 31

by Dr. Osman Gulseven


iTunes Match Getting Ready To Launch - Should Others Worry?

Wed, Aug 31

by Spencer Osborne


Positioning Your Portfolio For A Bear Market

Today

by Thomas Lott






You may also like




















* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share






* Email
* Print







Comments (2)




Add a comment











Register or Login to rate comments &raquo;

* nutless in new orleans Comments (337)

   







  I am going to vote for the Apple-Sirius merger, it sounds like a good
  mix

* valuestocksonly Comments (260)

   







  My little man tells me NINO that Apple buying SIRIUS would be great for
  both. Apple gets content and platform all at once. Add a chip to apples
  products and you get direct Sat. feed. No broadband carriers to worry
  about.






Load All Comments



























About the author: Dr. Osman Gulseven










Assistant Professor of Economics with interests in Finance, Stock
Markets, Futures, and Options Markets. Marie Curie fellow and scientist
in charge of EU-funded risk management project AgInsurance. Worked for
World Bank and FAO projects as well. Earned doctorate degree in Economics
with a minor... More






* Blog: EFS Investment Research & Training










Dr. Osman Gulseven



* on Dividend Quick Picks & Lists

* on Quick Picks & Lists

* on Fund Holdings





* (271)
* 
* (83)
* (111)
* (755)
* Profile












Send Message








You are currently following Dr. Osman Gulseven
Stop Following






You are no longer following Dr. Osman Gulseven

























































xx


Breaking News Updated at

 broke in the last few minutes - get the latest updates in Market
Currents. Updated at












TOP AUTHORS: The Opinion Leaders

TOP USERS: Commenters | StockTalkers | Instabloggers






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Twitter &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RSS Feeds  |  Contact
Us  |  About Us  |  Premium Program

Terms of Use | Privacy | Xignite quote data | Copyright © 2011
















