Top Sells Of BP Capital Management - Seeking Alpha






* See the difference! Customize Seeking Alpha: Sign in or join
* 


Seeking Alpha

















* Home |
* Portfolio |
* Market Currents |
* Long &amp; Short Ideas |
* Investing for Income |
* ETFs &amp; Portfolio Strategy |
* Macro View |
* Earnings
* 













Top Sells Of BP Capital Management



by: Lalit Sharma September 6, 2011  |  includes: ABB, AONE, BP, DVN, MMR,
NE, OII
   






* Font Size:

* Print

* Email
* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share





Billionaire T. Boone Pickens is one of the most well-known investors in
the energy space. He has years of experience in the oil and gas industry,
and founded his investment fund BP Capital in 1997. Following is a list
of top sells of BP Capital Management from the last quarter.


Stock
 

Symbol
 

Shares Held -03/31/2011
 

Shares Held – 06/30/2011
 

Change in Shares


Oceaneering International, Inc
 

OII
 

151,508
 

0
 

-151,608


Devon Energy Corporation
 

DVN
 

148,413
 

0
 

-148,413


ABB Ltd.
 

ABB
 

111,600
 

0
 

-111,600


A123 Systems, Inc
 

AONE
 

465,300
 

0
 

-465,300


BP Plc
 

BP
 

604,373
 

583,062
 

-21,311


Noble Corp.
 

NE
 

694,300
 

673,577
 

-20,723


Mcmoran Exploration Corp.
 

MMR
 

1,171,660
 

1,130,833
 

-40,827


Source: 13F filing.

One stock where I don’t agree with Pickens and would recommend going long
is A123 Systems, Inc. I am bullish on the electric car prospects and
believe the stock has potential to multiply several times if things go
the right way. A123 Systems, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and
sells rechargeable lithium-ion batteries and battery systems, and
provides research and development services to government agencies and
commercial customers. In the transportation industry market, the company
works with global automotive manufacturers and tier one suppliers to
develop batteries and battery systems for hybrid electric vehicles,
plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and electric vehicles. A123 Systems' EPS
forecast for the current year is -$1.70 and next year is -$1.00.
According to consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow
104.90% in the current year and 107.90% next year.

A123 recently won a contract with General Motors (GM) to supply future
battery packs. This contract has potential to generate $100-300 mn in
annual revenues for the company. However, a bigger positive is the fact
that this agreement validates A123’s technology leadership in
rechargeable batteries and battery systems. Before this contract, A123’s
visible production contracts have been with niche providers (Fisker,
Smith Electric Vehicles) and the Wall Street has been concerned that
announced production deals did not include major automotive OEMs.
However, this win allays the concerns and paves way for A123 to generate
more supply agreements with tier one automakers in the future.

At 1.0x EV/Sales (2012e) and trading close to its book value I believe
A123 offers favorable risk reward given its revenue ramp up and
increasing steps towards profitability.

Here are some of the specifics about the companies on the list.

Oceaneering International, Inc. is an oilfield provider of engineered
services and products to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus
on deepwater applications. Through the use of its applied technology, the
company also serves the defense and aerospace industries. Oceaneering
International's EPS forecast for the current year is $2.00 and next year
is $2.50. According to consensus estimates, its top line is expected to
grow 11.50% in the current year and 12.90% next year.

Devon Energy Corporation is an independent energy company engaged in
exploration, development and production of natural gas and oil. The
company's operations are concentrated in various North American onshore
areas in the United States and Canada. It also has offshore operations
located in Brazil and Angola. Devon's EPS forecast for the current year
is $6.21 and next year is $7.52. According to consensus estimates, its
top line is expected to grow 4.00% in the current year and 13.00% next
year.

ABB Ltd. is engaged in power and automation technologies. The company
provides a range of products, systems, solutions and services. Its power
businesses focus on power transmission, distribution and power-plant
automation and serve electric, gas and water utilities, as well as
industrial and commercial customers. ABB's EPS forecast for the current
year is $1.58 and next year is $1.93. According to consensus estimates,
its top line is expected to grow 21.70% in the current year and 9.90%
next year.

BP Plc. is an international oil and gas company. The company operates two
segments: Exploration and production, and refining and marketing. BP's
EPS forecast for the current year is $6.75 and next year is $6.88.
According to consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow 15.00%
in the current year and 7.20% next year.

Noble Corporation is an offshore drilling contractor for the oil and gas
industry. It performs contract drilling services with its fleet of 73
mobile offshore drilling units and one floating production storage and
offloading unit located globally. As of December 31, 2010, its fleet
consisted of 14 semisubmersibles, 12 drillships, 45 jackups and two
submersibles. It also owns one FPSO. Noble Corporation's EPS forecast for
the current year is $1.73 and next year is $3.86. According to consensus
estimates, its top line is expected to grow 0.20% in the current year and
33.10% next year.

McMoRan Exploration Co. is engaged in the exploration, development and
production of oil and natural gas offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and
onshore in the Gulf Coast area of the United States. The company’s oil
and gas operations are conducted through its principal operating
subsidiary, McMoRan Oil & Gas LLC. McMoRan Exploration's EPS forecast for
the current year is -$0.79 and next year is -$0.74. According to
consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow 25.20% in the
current year and 0.50% next year.

Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to
initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.




This article is tagged with: Long &amp; Short Ideas, Fund Holdings

More articles by Lalit Sharma &raquo;

* Top Buys Of BP Capital Management Today
* John Paulson Is Decreasing His Position In These 7 Stocks Thu, Sep 1
* Top 7 New Buys By John Paulson Thu, Sep 1





Has The Sell-Off Created Any Dividend Paying Value Stocks In The...

Sun, Aug 28

by Tom Konrad


Why ABB Is A Long-Term Winner

Sun, Aug 28

by Bret Jensen


BP's Stock Holds Up Despite Russian Raids And Platform Closures

Mon, Sep 5

by Trefis


Guru T. Boone Pickens 5 New Oil And Gas Stocks

Sun, Sep 4

by Vatalyst




Billionaire T. Boone Pickens' Favorite Stocks

Thu, Aug 25

by Insider Monkey


Portfolio Tracking: Pabrai, Winters, Pickens, Witmer and ValueAct

Wed, Aug 17

by Davy Bui


Louis Navellier's High-Dividend Stock Picks

Mon, Aug 15

by Insider Monkey


Oversold Industrial Electrical Equipment Stocks Are Starting to...

Fri, Aug 12

by David White




6 Stocks With Cheap Valuations And Strong Cash Flow

Thu, Sep 1

by Kraken


2 Energy Stocks That Stand To Benefit From 'New Normal' Offshore...

Thu, Sep 1

by Amine Bouchentouf


Billionaire Fund Manager Paul Tudor Jones Has Increased His...

Wed, Aug 31

by Lalit Sharma


5 Dividend Stocks Showing You The Money

Wed, Aug 31

by Vatalyst






You may also like




















* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share






* Email
* Print







Comments (0)

Be the first to comment on this article




Add a comment















Load All Comments



























About the author: Lalit Sharma










Experienced financial services professional.















Lalit Sharma



* on Fund Holdings





* (75)
* 
* (5)
* (10)
* Profile












Send Message








You are currently following Lalit Sharma
Stop Following






You are no longer following Lalit Sharma

























































xx


Breaking News Updated at

 broke in the last few minutes - get the latest updates in Market
Currents. Updated at












TOP AUTHORS: The Opinion Leaders

TOP USERS: Commenters | StockTalkers | Instabloggers






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Twitter &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RSS Feeds  |  Contact
Us  |  About Us  |  Premium Program

Terms of Use | Privacy | Xignite quote data | Copyright © 2011
















