Ticker Watch: Significant gap up: (SKF), (SCO), (SDS), (ATRO), (IIT)








































































































Pages



* Home
* World Market Overview
* Day Trading Radio
* Privacy Policy
* Contact Us















































































































Subscribe for free stock alerts!






















Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Significant gap up: (SKF), (SCO), (SDS), (ATRO), (IIT)






The following stocks gapped up significantly at the open on September 6:
ProShares UltraShort Financials, ProShares UltraShort DJ-UBS Crude Oil,
ProShares UltraShort S&P500, Astronics Corp, and Indosat tbk PT. These
stocks may be up because of positive overnight news, overall market
bullishness, or increased speculation. Oftentimes stocks will close the
gap, meaning they will retrace to the last day's high. Thus, gap ups are
often good selling opportunities but in some cases, watch for the stock
to continue higher.

Shares of ProShares UltraShort Financials (SKF) opened higher by 6.39%
and are currently trading at $82.8. In the past year, the shares have
traded as low as $53.92 and as high as $93.26. On average, 2135160 shares
of SKF exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at
397134. The shares are currently trading above the 50-day moving average
which indicates that the shares have been experiencing strong upward
momentum as the 50 DMA is above the 200 DMA. The stock may come back down
to test the 50-day moving average, so look for a move back to the $69.79
area where the stock will likely see buying pressure.

Shares of ProShares UltraShort DJ-UBS Crude Oil (SCO) opened higher by
6.09% and are currently trading at $58.91. In the past year, the shares
have traded as low as $35.58 and as high as $78.55. On average, 1829010
shares of SCO exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is
recorded at 121906. The shares are currently trading above the 50-day
moving average which indicates that the shares have been experiencing
strong upward momentum as the 50 DMA is above the 200 DMA. The stock may
come back down to test the 50-day moving average, so look for a move back
to the $52.21 area where the stock will likely see buying pressure.

Shares of ProShares UltraShort S&P500 (SDS) opened higher by 5.78% and
are currently trading at $25.42. In the past year, the shares have traded
as low as $19.48 and as high as $32.58. On average, 38277750 shares of
SDS exchange hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at
6418342. The shares are currently trading above the 50-day moving average
which indicates that the shares have been experiencing strong upward
momentum as the 50 DMA is above the 200 DMA. The stock may come back down
to test the 50-day moving average, so look for a move back to the $22.50
area where the stock will likely see buying pressure.

Shares of Astronics Corp (ATRO) opened higher by 5.68% and are currently
trading at $27.35. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as
$14.71 and as high as $34.19. On average, 34790 shares of ATRO exchange
hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 3604. The shares
are currently trading below the 50-day moving average but above the
200-day moving average. The stock may be range bound between these two
levels where the 50-day moving average of $30.11 represents resistance
and the 200-day moving average of $25.05 would be an area of support.

Shares of Indosat tbk PT (IIT) opened higher by 5.03% and are currently
trading at $33.46. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as
$26.52 and as high as $35.44. On average, 7110 shares of IIT exchange
hands on a given day and today's volume is recorded at 0. The shares are
currently trading above the 50-day moving average which indicates that
the shares have been experiencing strong upward momentum as the 50 DMA is
above the 200 DMA. The stock may come back down to test the 50-day moving
average, so look for a move back to the $31.32 area where the stock will
likely see buying pressure.






Posted by Eric Savoie at 10:04 AM

























Newer Post Older Post Home














Breaking News



Loading...































Please Donate








































 

 






The reports on this site are for information purposes only and are not a
recommendation for the purchase of securities. The information contained
in these reports have been gathered from sources we believe to be
reliable, however, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or
completeness to such information.



























