Factors Moving Markets, Worldwide View - Equity Research on Ciena
Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent - MarketWatch





Bulletin






Investor Alert

Global markets on heels





Live Video

'Markets Hub' has your live market update








Sign in

Become a MarketWatch member today


* Front Page
* News Viewer
* Commentary
* Markets
* Investing
* Personal Finance
* Community
* Games














press release

Sept. 6, 2011, 9:03 a.m. EDT


Factors Moving Markets, Worldwide View - Equity Research on Ciena
Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent














HONG KONG, Sep 06, 2011 (MARKETWIRE via COMTEX) -- Today,
www.WorldStreetFundamentals.com released its industry report highlighting
Ciena Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent . Full fundamental and technical
analysis is available at www.WorldStreetFundamentals.com/Reports.php .

Continued confidence in long-term U.S. debt is defying S&P's recent
downgrade. Treasury yields continue at their lowest levels since January
1, 2011 as the market moved to "safe investments" weary of the storm
clouds ahead. Winds can change however, as a last-minute move to save the
U.S. from a historic default on its debt obligations. Attentions are now
turned to the situation in Europe, with the health of the Euro in the
balance; bankers are looking to prevent defaults on Italian and Spanish
debt.

As a result of recent credit adjustments, opportunity is being marked for
investors to take advantage of equities with high-margin and specialty
products. Market-wise investors are carefully watching for value within
equities boasting established pipelines and excellent growth prospects.
As part of this process, the following companies have been introduced
with initial research reports available online.

World Street Fundamentals has highlighted Ciena Corporation as a provider
of communications networking equipment, software and services that
support the transport, switching, aggregation and management of voice,
video and data traffic. The entire report on Ciena Corporation is
available here: www.WorldStreetFundamentals.com/ViewFullReport.245.php .

World Street has featured Alcatel-Lucent as a company which is engaged in
mobile, fixed, Internet Protocol (IP) and optics technologies,
applications and services. The entire report on Alcatel-Lucent is
available here: www.WorldStreetFundamentals.com/ViewFullReport.138.php .

About World Street World Street Fundamentals is an online portal for
professionals, investors and new-comers to the markets to find in depth
comprehensive research and research tools to help guide you through the
ever changing financial markets.




        
        Contact:
        
        Adam Redford
        Email Contact
 
www.WorldStreetFundamentals.com            
        
        




SOURCE: World Street Fundamentals




 
http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/emailprcntct?id=9DF75554489512CB     
http://www.worldstreetfundamentals.com/            




Copyright 2011 Marketwire, Inc., All rights reserved.


/quotes/zigman/103088/quotes/nls/cien





Add CIEN to portfolio CIEN



Ciena Corp.



$ 12.64

-1.14 -8.27%




Volume: 3.61M

Sept. 6, 2011 10:56a


















/quotes/zigman/163221/quotes/nls/alu





Add ALU to portfolio ALU



Alcatel-Lucent ADS



$ 3.18

-0.33 -9.40%




Volume: 8.35M

Sept. 6, 2011 10:56a


















/quotes/zigman/103088/quotes/nls/cien





Add CIEN to portfolio CIEN



Ciena Corp.



$ 12.64

-1.14 -8.27%




Volume: 3.61M

Sept. 6, 2011 10:56a


















/quotes/zigman/163221/quotes/nls/alu





Add ALU to portfolio ALU



Alcatel-Lucent ADS



$ 3.18

-0.33 -9.40%




Volume: 8.35M

Sept. 6, 2011 10:56a






































Most Popular


1. 




2. 




3. 




4. 




5. 







Find a Broker


Ã‚Â»

















Featured Stories


* Gold climbs to record above $1,900 an ounce

  SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Gold futures climbed Tuesday to trade
  above $1,900 an ounce as steep...


* U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

  The U.S. service sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in August,
  but growth was spotty and prices paid...


* Why the young jobless will ruin your portfolio

  Without jobs or accumulated wealth todayÃ¢Â€Â™s young Americans
  wonÃ¢Â€Â™t be able to retire, and those retiring soon...


* 
* Italy budget backtrack stirs market worries














* WSJ
  o WSJ

* MarketWatch
  o MarketWatch
  o Facebook
  o Twitter





* Barron's
  o Barron's

* SmartMoney
  o SmartMoney

* AllThingsDigital
  o AllThingsDigital

* FINS
  o FINS

* More
  o BigCharts
  o Virtual Stock Exchange
  o Financial News
  o WSJ Asia
    - WSJ India
    - 
    - 

  o WSJ Europe
  o WSJ Americas
    - en Espa&ntilde;ol
    - em Portugu&ecirc;s

  o WSJ Radio
  o WSJ Wine





SEARCH








10:56 AM EDT

September 6, 2011


/marketstate/country/us
New York

Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

Closed






/marketstate/country/us



/marketstate/country/uk



/marketstate/country/jp













View All


Latest News


1. /news/latest 10:51a

   TuesdayÃ¢Â€Â™s biggest gaining &amp; declining stocks

2. 10:43a

   U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

3. 10:38a

   Vancouver loses top spot in liveability survey

4. 10:32a

   PepsiCo is still playing ball with the NFL

5. 10:31a

   U.S. stocks slump on EuropeÃ¢Â€Â™s woes

6. 10:28a

   Thirty-year bond yields hit January 2009 low

7. 10:26a

   Treasurys up; 10-year yields hit record low

8. 10:25a

   Techs join broad market retreat

9. 10:23a

   Whitbread, miners help lift FTSE 100

10. 10:22a

    Best Buy cut to neutral; shares drop

11. 10:22a

    Analyst says FHFA suit could cost $60 billion

12. 10:21a

    BREAKING

    U.S. 30-year yields fall to January 2009 low

13. 10:21a

    Oil declines, taking cues from sharp stock drop

14. 10:16a

    IBM, Chevron, Boeing weighing on Dow

15. 10:15a

    Gold taps record above $1,900 an ounce

16. 10:14a

    Dow headed below 10,000 as cyclical bear begins

17. 10:14a

    Citi, B. of A. lead swoon in financial shares

18. 10:11a

    Employment trends index slips in August

19. 10:08a

    Dollar slips, Treasurys stay up after ISM

20. 10:06a

    BREAKING

    U.S. stocks trim losses as services index up

21. Loading more headlines...





dow


/quotes/zigman/627449/delayed
10,968.03


-272.23

-2.42%








nasdaq


/quotes/zigman/123127
2,422.28


-58.05

-2.34%








s&amp;p 500


/quotes/zigman/3870025
1,144.32


-29.65

-2.53%














Kiosk


* 1309316400000

  1309377600000



  Commodities Corner




  Myra P. Saefong
  Benching a benchmark Ã‚Â 
  West Texas Intermediate, the oil index long used to project U.S.
  motor-fuel price trends, no longer is accurate benchmark. Here's what's
  replaced it.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary3.html 166051



* 1309982400000

  1310072100000



  Tech Investor




  John Shinal
  Learning the lesson of tech jobs
  There are larger implications for the U.S. economy to be found in the
  hiring trends in the domestic tech sector, and in India.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary.html 166049



* 1309370400000

  1309428000000



  Second Opinion




  John C. Dvorak
  Dell can dominate PC world
  This is the perfect opportunity to wrest control of the U.S. PC
  business from Apple and H-P, and take over in China as well. All Dell
  has to do is execute.


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard4.html 166054



* 1241971200000

  1242619200000



  Alternative Asset Classes




  The fine art of investing
  As an asset class, fine art is a proven long-term storehouse for
  wealth. The current marketÃ‚Â woes just add to art's established allure.


  /conga/kiosk/investing.html 166219



* 1308830400000

  1308901200000



  Asia




  Rich tastes get pricier
  The cost of living the luxury life in Asia soared in dollar terms over
  the past year, according to a lifestyle index. What's behind the higher
  luxury prices?


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard2.html 165868



* 1303590000000

  1303749600000



  Car Review




  2012 VW Beetle Turbo
  It may resemble the "New Beetle,"Ã‚Â  but Volkswagen's 2012 offering is
  a better bug, writes Ron Amadon.
  Ã¢Â€Â¢ More car reviews from Ron Amadon


  165998













MarketWatch.com

* Site Index
* Topics
* Help
* Feedback
* Newsroom Roster
* Media Archive
* Premium Products
* Mobile

* Company Info
* Code of Conduct
* Corrections
* Advertising Media Kit
* Advertise Locally
* License our Content
* Broker Center

* MarketWatch on Facebook
* 
* MarketWatch on Twitter
* 
* RSS
* Podcasts



* WSJ.com
* Barron's Online
* BigCharts
* Virtual Stock Exchange
* All Things Digital

* MarketWatch Community
* Financial News Online
* WSJ.com Small Business
* FINS: Finance, IT jobs, Sales jobs









Copyright © 2011 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.



Intraday Data provided by SIX Telekurs and subject to terms of use.
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Telekurs. Intraday
data delayed per exchange requirements. Dow Jones Indexes (SM) from Dow
Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time
last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded
symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15
minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. Dow Jones
IndexesSM from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided
by SIX Telekurs and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in
local exchange time.







* MarketsMarkets







  Data is loading...




* QuotesQuotes







  Data is loading...




* My PortfolioMy Portfolio







  Data is loading...




* My AlertsMy Alerts







  Data is loading...




* CommunityCommunity




  HOT PICKS MY PICKS MY GROUPS




  Data is loading...





ALERT:




MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice. 15







Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?






The action you requested requires a MarketWatch Community display name.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?



Community

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»

MarketWatch Community is a free service that lets you discover, organize
and share MarketWatch stories with other readers.

Learn More Ã‚Â»





The action you requested is only available to MarketWatch members.
Please sign in or register.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?




Register

Don't have a MarketWatch account?

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»


By registering, you are agreeing to MarketWatch's Terms of Service and to
receiving periodic news and special offers via email about MarketWatch
enhancements, products and services.



