'The Help' puts in overtime at No. 1 with $19 million over long Labor Day
weekend







* News

  o Local

    - News
    - Sports
    - Obituaries
    - Miscellaneous
    - Weather
    - Events


  o State

    - Indiana
    - Other States (A-L)

      @ Alabama
      @ Alaska
      @ Arizona
      @ Arkansas
      @ California
      @ Colorado
      @ Connecticut
      @ District of Columbia (DC)
      @ Delaware
      @ Florida
      @ Georgia
      @ Hawaii
      @ Idaho
      @ Illinois
      @ Indiana
      @ Iowa
      @ Kansas
      @ Kentucky
      @ Lousiana


    - Other States (M-O)

      @ Maine
      @ Maryland
      @ Massachusetts
      @ Michigan
      @ Minnesota
      @ Mississippi
      @ Missouri
      @ Montana
      @ Nebraska
      @ Nevada
      @ New Hampshire
      @ New Jersey
      @ New Mexico
      @ New York
      @ North Carolina
      @ North Dakota
      @ Ohio
      @ Oklahoma
      @ Oregon


    - Other States (P-Z)

      @ Pennsylvania
      @ Rhode Island
      @ South Carolina
      @ South Dakota
      @ Tennessee
      @ Texas
      @ Utah
      @ Vermont
      @ Virginia
      @ Washington State
      @ Washington, DC
      @ West Virginia
      @ Wisconsin
      @ Wyoming




  o National
  o Sports

    - Local Sports
    - National Sports
    - Colts Football
    - Pacers Basketball
    - Auto Racing

      @ Racing Front Page
      @ F1
      @ IRL
      @ NASCAR


    - Baseball

      @ Baseball Front Page
      @ Professional
      @ Men's College
      @ Women's College
      @ Minor League
      @ Little League
      @ International


    - Basketball

      @ Basketball Front Page
      @ Men's Pro (NBA)
      @ Women's Pro (WNBA)
      @ Men's College
      @ Women's College


    - Football

      @ Football Front Page
      @ Pro (NFL)
      @ College
      @ Arena Football


    - Hockey

      @ Hockey Front Page
      @ Pro (NHL)
      @ Men's College
      @ Women's
      @ Field Hockey
      @ Olympic Hockey




  o Lifestyle

    - All Lifestyle
    - Automotive
    - Career
    - Climate / Enviroment
    - Education
    - Fashion
    - Food & Drink
    - Health & Medicine
    - Home & Garden
    - Parenting & Family
    - Pets
    - Religion
    - Travel
    - Your Money


  o Washington & Politics

    - Politics Front Page
    - CIA
    - Congress
    - EPA
    - Federal Reserve
    - President Obama
    - Supreme Court
    - The United Nations


  o Business

    - Business Front Page
    - Agriculture
    - Markets / Wall Street
    - Small Business


  o Entertainment

    - Entertainment Front Page
    - Books
    - Celebrities
    - Movies
    - Music
    - Television
    - Theater
    - Video Games


  o Tech & Science

    - Technology Front Page
    - Science
    - Technology


  o World

    - World Front Page
    - Africa
    - Asia
    - Canada
    - Carribean
    - Europe
    - Latin America
    - Middle East


  o Weather Center
  o Odd News


* Video
* Advertising

  o Classifieds
  o Place Classifieds
  o Employment
  o Top Jobs
  o Monster Jobs
  o Contact Staff
  o Commercial Printing


* E-Edition
* Photos
* Web Extras

  o Parade Magazine
  o East of Indy (Forum/Blog)
  o Local Gas Prices


* Contact Us

  o Staff

    - Contact Advertising
    - Contact Business
    - Contact Circulation
    - Contact Editorial
    - Contact Pre-Press
    - Contact The Publisher


  o Event Calendar
  o Public Meetings
  o Submit Anniversary
  o Submit Birth
  o Submit Engagement
  o Submit Wedding
  o Hoots 'n Hollers
  o Wows 'n Whistles
  o Letter to the Editor
  o Press Release
  o Commercial Printing
  o Temp Circulation Stops
  o Subscriber Complaints
  o Subscribe!


* For Subscribers

  o New Subscription
  o Delivery Issues
  o Forgot Password
  o Vacation Stop
  o Payment
  o Archives
  o Submit Event


* Sign-In
* Publications

  o Daily Reporter
  o Fortville-McCordsville Reporter
  o New Palestine Reporter
  o Times-Post, Pendleton
  o Hancock Homes
  o Senior Living
  o The Republic, Columbus
  o Daily Journal, Franklin
  o Democrat, Nashville


* Search









'The Help' puts in overtime at No. 1 with $19 million over long Labor Day
weekend



* DAVID GERMAIN  AP Movie Writer
* First Posted: September 05, 2011 - 11:51 am
  Last Updated: September 06, 2011 - 9:57 am
 
* 

 






===========================================================================



We also have more stories about:
(click the phrases to see a list)

People:
* Carl Icahn (4)
* Emma Stone (5)
* Helen Mirren (3)
* Jessica Chastain (4)
* Lucas Black (1)
* Robert Duvall (3)
* Viola Davis (5)


Subjects:
* Holidays (123)
* Occasions (182)
* Lifestyle (1725)


Places:
* Hollywood (29)
* California (1188)
* United States (23308)
* North America (23432)












Photos:




FILE - In this file film publicity image provided by Disney, Octavia
Spencer, right, and Viola Davis are shown in a scene from "The Help."
"The Help" has stayed on the job over Labor Day, finishing as the No. 1
film for the third-straight weekend. According to studio estimates
Monday, Sept. 5, 2011, the acclaimed drama about Southern black maids
took in $19 million over the long holiday weekend. (AP Photo/Disney, Dale
Robinette, File)






LOS ANGELES — "The Help" stayed on the job over Labor Day, finishing as
the No. 1 film for the third-straight weekend.

The acclaimed drama about Southern black maids speaking out during the
civil-rights movement took in $19 million over the long holiday weekend,
according to studio estimates Monday.

That raised the film's domestic total to $123.4 million. "The Help" also
has begun rolling out overseas, pulling in $1.7 million in its first
international market, Australia.

A DreamWorks Pictures release distributed by Disney, "The Help" has been
a triumph amid a rush of late-summer duds that ended Hollywood's busiest
season. Another batch of new movies this weekend packed in modest to
small crowds.

"'The Help' is literally in a league of its own at the end of a summer
movie season where the competition was virtually non-existent," said Paul
Dergarabedian, box-office analyst for Hollywood.com. "It's a really good
movie that happened to land in the perfect spot at the perfect time. They
are really just reaping the benefit of the worst dog days of August that
we have seen in years."

Best among the newcomers was Focus Features' Holocaust-revenge thriller
"The Debt" at No. 2 with $12.6 million from Friday to Monday. "The Debt"
stars Helen Mirren and features "The Help" co-star Jessica Chastain.

The Weinstein Co. sci-fi horror tale "Apollo 18" opened at No. 3 with
$10.7 million. Another fright flick, Relativity Media's "Shark Night 3D,"
debuted at No. 4 with $10.3 million.

A handful of other movies opened in narrower release well outside the
weekend's top 10, including Visio Entertainment's golf drama "Seven Days
in Utopia," which stars Robert Duvall and Lucas Black and pulled in a
modest $1.6 million.

Pantelion Films' action comedy "Saving Private Perez" debuted with
$830,000, while Samuel Goldwyn Films' sex comedy "A Good Old Fashioned
Orgy" opened with just $153,000.

While holdover films almost always have big drops in revenue in
subsequent weekends, "The Help" did the same business this past Friday to
Sunday as it did a week earlier.

Starring Viola Davis, Emma Stone and Octavia Spencer, "The Help" has
followed the path of the book on which it is based, which became a
literary phenomenon through word-of-mouth among readers.

The film began solidly with a No. 2 opening, then rose to its three-week
reign at No. 1 as fans talked it up to friends.

"The Help" gave Hollywood a slight boost over Labor Day weekend a year
ago. Overall domestic revenues for the four days came in at $139 million,
up 5 percent from the same weekend last year, when "The American" opened
at No. 1 with $16.7 million, according to Hollywood.com.

Domestic receipts from the first weekend in May through Labor Day
finished at about $4.38 billion, up a fraction from summer 2010 revenues,
Hollywood.com estimates.

But factoring in this year's higher ticket prices, actual movie
attendance was down slightly, the fourth-straight summer that admissions
have dropped.

Overseas, the family smash "The Smurfs" continued to dominate, pulling in
$23.3 million to pad its international total to $295.8 million and its
worldwide haul to about $430 million. "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"
ran second internationally with $19.4 million, lifting its overseas take
to $186.5 million and its worldwide total to about $350 million.

Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Monday at U.S. and Canadian
theaters, according to Hollywood.com. Where available, latest
international numbers are also included. Final domestic figures will be
released Tuesday.

1. "The Help," $19 million.

2. "The Debt," $12.6 million.

3. "Apollo 18," $10.7 million.

4. "Shark Night 3D," $10.3 million.

5. "Rise of the Planet of the Apes," $10.25 million.

6. "Colombiana," $9.4 million.

7. "Our Idiot Brother," $7 million.

8. "Spy Kids: All the Time in the World," $6.6 million.

9. "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark," $6.1 million.

10. "The Smurfs," $5.6 million.

___

Estimated non-holiday weekend ticket sales at international theaters
(excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to Rentrak Corp.:

1. "The Smurfs," $23.3 million.

2. "Rise of the Planet of the Apes," $19.4 million.

3. "Final Destination 5," $18.7 million.

4. "Cowboys & Aliens," $9 million.

5. "Horrible Bosses," $8.1 million.

6. "Cars 2," $6.5 million.

7. "Green Lantern," $5.7 million.

8. "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2," $5.5 million.

9 (tie). "Captain America: The First Avenger," $4.7 million.

9 (tie). Kung Fu Panda 2," $4.7 million.

___

Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.;
Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of
Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel
are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings
LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner
Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group
of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and
Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is
owned by Rainbow Media Holdings, a subsidiary of Cablevision Systems
Corp.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.

___

Online:

http://www.hollywood.com/boxoffice









Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.







All content copyright ©2011 Daily Reporter, a division of Home News
Enterprises unless otherwise noted.
All rights reserved. Click here to read our privacy policy.
Daily Reporter Ã¢Â€Â¢ 22 W. New Road Ã¢Â€Â¢ Greenfield, IN 46140 Ã¢Â€Â¢
(317) 462-5528

Site design, web hosting, and technical services provided by Screaming
Eagle Media.


