Get Ready to Slash With the Sexiest Dhampir Ever as BloodRayne: Betrayal
Is Now Available - MarketWatch





Bulletin






Investor Alert

Global markets on heels





Live Video

'Markets Hub' has your live market update








Sign in

Become a MarketWatch member today


* Front Page
* News Viewer
* Commentary
* Markets
* Investing
* Personal Finance
* Community
* Games














press release

Sept. 6, 2011, 10:00 a.m. EDT


Get Ready to Slash With the Sexiest Dhampir Ever as BloodRayne: Betrayal
Is Now Available



Epic 2D Hack 'n Slash Reboot of Legendary Franchise Hits
PlayStation(R)Network Today and Xbox LIVE Arcade Tomorrow
















EDISON, NJ, Sep 06, 2011 (MARKETWIRE via COMTEX) -- Majesco Entertainment
Company , an innovative provider of video games for the mass market,
announced today that its highly anticipated side-scrolling BloodRayne:
Betrayal, launches today for PlayStation(R)Network followed by a release
tomorrow on Xbox LIVE(R)Arcade for the Xbox 360(R) video game and
entertainment system from Microsoft. The PlayStation Network version is
included as part of the PlayStation Network PLAY program.

The original video game femme fatale, Rayne, has returned to battle and
feed in a brand new hack 'n slash adventure developed by WayForward, the
seasoned team behind some of gaming's most critically acclaimed brand
reinventions. BloodRayne: Betrayal delivers over-the-top stylish action
with a healthy dose of bloodshed. You are Rayne, the sexy dhampir with
superhuman strength, speed, and agility, recruited by the vampire-hunting
Brimstone Society for one last mission. The target is a lavish, yet
sinister, ball in a secluded castle with plenty of dark surprises. With
the help of a mysterious friend, and members of Brimstone, Rayne must
infiltrate the manor, take out the fiendish horde, and stop an evil
master plot once and for all.

BloodRayne: Betrayal is available now on PlayStation Network for $14.99
and tomorrow on Xbox LIVE Arcade for Xbox 360 for 1,200 Microsoft Points.
For more information about BloodRayne: Betrayal, please visit the
official game site at www.bloodraynebetrayal.com and be sure to Like us
at www.facebook.com/bloodrayne . For any media inquiries, including
requesting review code, please contact Jerry Whitehead III
(jerry@reverbinc.com) and Steven Hopper (steven@reverbinc.com) with
Reverb Communications.

About Majesco Entertainment Company Majesco Entertainment Company is a
provider of video games for the mass market. Building on more than 20
years of operating history, the company is focused on developing and
publishing a wide range of casual and family oriented video games on all
leading console and handheld platforms as well as online, social networks
and mobile devices. Product highlights include Zumba(R) Fitness, Cooking
Mama(TM), Alvin and the Chipmunks, and Hulk Hogan's Main Event. The
company's shares are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol:
COOL. Majesco is headquartered in Edison, NJ with offices in San
Francisco, CA, Bristol, UK, and a social games development studio in
Foxboro, MA. More info can be found online at
www.majescoentertainment.com or on Twitter at www.twitter.com/majesco .

Xbox, Xbox 360, and Xbox LIVE are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.




        
        Media Contacts
        Reverb Communications
        Jerry Whitehead III
        jerry@reverbinc.com
        (209) 586-1495 x111
        
        Steven Hopper
        steven@reverbinc.com
        (209) 586-1495 x110
        
        
        




SOURCE: Majesco Entertainment




        mailto:jerry@reverbinc.com
        mailto:steven@reverbinc.com
        




Copyright 2011 Marketwire, Inc., All rights reserved.


/quotes/zigman/95467/quotes/nls/cool





Add COOL to portfolio COOL



Majesco Entertainment Co.



$ 2.25

-0.13 -5.46%




Volume: 369,956

Sept. 6, 2011 10:56a






































Most Popular


1. 




2. 




3. 




4. 




5. 







Find a Broker


Ã‚Â»

















Featured Stories


* Gold climbs to record above $1,900 an ounce

  SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Gold futures climbed Tuesday to trade
  above $1,900 an ounce as steep...


* U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

  The U.S. service sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in August,
  but growth was spotty and prices paid...


* Why the young jobless will ruin your portfolio

  Without jobs or accumulated wealth todayÃ¢Â€Â™s young Americans
  wonÃ¢Â€Â™t be able to retire, and those retiring soon...


* 
* Italy budget backtrack stirs market worries














* WSJ
  o WSJ

* MarketWatch
  o MarketWatch
  o Facebook
  o Twitter





* Barron's
  o Barron's

* SmartMoney
  o SmartMoney

* AllThingsDigital
  o AllThingsDigital

* FINS
  o FINS

* More
  o BigCharts
  o Virtual Stock Exchange
  o Financial News
  o WSJ Asia
    - WSJ India
    - 
    - 

  o WSJ Europe
  o WSJ Americas
    - en Espa&ntilde;ol
    - em Portugu&ecirc;s

  o WSJ Radio
  o WSJ Wine





SEARCH








10:56 AM EDT

September 6, 2011


/marketstate/country/us
New York

Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

Closed






/marketstate/country/us



/marketstate/country/uk



/marketstate/country/jp













View All


Latest News


1. /news/latest 10:51a

   TuesdayÃ¢Â€Â™s biggest gaining &amp; declining stocks

2. 10:43a

   U.S. service sector expands faster in August: ISM

3. 10:38a

   Vancouver loses top spot in liveability survey

4. 10:32a

   PepsiCo is still playing ball with the NFL

5. 10:31a

   U.S. stocks slump on EuropeÃ¢Â€Â™s woes

6. 10:28a

   Thirty-year bond yields hit January 2009 low

7. 10:26a

   Treasurys up; 10-year yields hit record low

8. 10:25a

   Techs join broad market retreat

9. 10:23a

   Whitbread, miners help lift FTSE 100

10. 10:22a

    Best Buy cut to neutral; shares drop

11. 10:22a

    Analyst says FHFA suit could cost $60 billion

12. 10:21a

    BREAKING

    U.S. 30-year yields fall to January 2009 low

13. 10:21a

    Oil declines, taking cues from sharp stock drop

14. 10:16a

    IBM, Chevron, Boeing weighing on Dow

15. 10:15a

    Gold taps record above $1,900 an ounce

16. 10:14a

    Dow headed below 10,000 as cyclical bear begins

17. 10:14a

    Citi, B. of A. lead swoon in financial shares

18. 10:11a

    Employment trends index slips in August

19. 10:08a

    Dollar slips, Treasurys stay up after ISM

20. 10:06a

    BREAKING

    U.S. stocks trim losses as services index up

21. Loading more headlines...





dow


/quotes/zigman/627449/delayed
10,967.54


-272.72

-2.43%








nasdaq


/quotes/zigman/123127
2,422.20


-58.13

-2.34%








s&amp;p 500


/quotes/zigman/3870025
1,144.25


-29.72

-2.53%














Kiosk


* 1309316400000

  1309377600000



  Commodities Corner




  Myra P. Saefong
  Benching a benchmark Ã‚Â 
  West Texas Intermediate, the oil index long used to project U.S.
  motor-fuel price trends, no longer is accurate benchmark. Here's what's
  replaced it.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary3.html 166051



* 1309982400000

  1310072100000



  Tech Investor




  John Shinal
  Learning the lesson of tech jobs
  There are larger implications for the U.S. economy to be found in the
  hiring trends in the domestic tech sector, and in India.


  /conga/kiosk/commentary.html 166049



* 1309370400000

  1309428000000



  Second Opinion




  John C. Dvorak
  Dell can dominate PC world
  This is the perfect opportunity to wrest control of the U.S. PC
  business from Apple and H-P, and take over in China as well. All Dell
  has to do is execute.


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard4.html 166054



* 1241971200000

  1242619200000



  Alternative Asset Classes




  The fine art of investing
  As an asset class, fine art is a proven long-term storehouse for
  wealth. The current marketÃ‚Â woes just add to art's established allure.


  /conga/kiosk/investing.html 166219



* 1308830400000

  1308901200000



  Asia




  Rich tastes get pricier
  The cost of living the luxury life in Asia soared in dollar terms over
  the past year, according to a lifestyle index. What's behind the higher
  luxury prices?


  /conga/kiosk/wildcard2.html 165868



* 1303590000000

  1303749600000



  Car Review




  2012 VW Beetle Turbo
  It may resemble the "New Beetle,"Ã‚Â  but Volkswagen's 2012 offering is
  a better bug, writes Ron Amadon.
  Ã¢Â€Â¢ More car reviews from Ron Amadon


  165998













MarketWatch.com

* Site Index
* Topics
* Help
* Feedback
* Newsroom Roster
* Media Archive
* Premium Products
* Mobile

* Company Info
* Code of Conduct
* Corrections
* Advertising Media Kit
* Advertise Locally
* License our Content
* Broker Center

* MarketWatch on Facebook
* 
* MarketWatch on Twitter
* 
* RSS
* Podcasts



* WSJ.com
* Barron's Online
* BigCharts
* Virtual Stock Exchange
* All Things Digital

* MarketWatch Community
* Financial News Online
* WSJ.com Small Business
* FINS: Finance, IT jobs, Sales jobs









Copyright © 2011 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.



Intraday Data provided by SIX Telekurs and subject to terms of use.
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Telekurs. Intraday
data delayed per exchange requirements. Dow Jones Indexes (SM) from Dow
Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time
last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded
symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15
minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. Dow Jones
IndexesSM from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided
by SIX Telekurs and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in
local exchange time.







* MarketsMarkets







  Data is loading...




* QuotesQuotes







  Data is loading...




* My PortfolioMy Portfolio







  Data is loading...




* My AlertsMy Alerts







  Data is loading...




* CommunityCommunity




  HOT PICKS MY PICKS MY GROUPS




  Data is loading...





ALERT:




MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice. 15







Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?






The action you requested requires a MarketWatch Community display name.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?



Community

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»

MarketWatch Community is a free service that lets you discover, organize
and share MarketWatch stories with other readers.

Learn More Ã‚Â»





The action you requested is only available to MarketWatch members.
Please sign in or register.




Sign In


Email address or display name


Password




Remember me

Forgot password?




Register

Don't have a MarketWatch account?

Get your FREE membership now Ã‚Â»


By registering, you are agreeing to MarketWatch's Terms of Service and to
receiving periodic news and special offers via email about MarketWatch
enhancements, products and services.



