5% - 10% Top Line Marketplace Growth Forecasted For eBay (EBAY) As Global
e-commerce Continues To Rise: Buy-rated By Research Analysts At UBS
Investment Bank





















* The Wall Street Transcript
  o Sectors
    - Technology
    - Healthcare
    - Natural Resources
    - Industrial/Services
    - Consumer
    - Financial Services
    - General Investing

  o Commentary
  o Products
    - TWST Products
    - Subscribe
    - Back Issues

  o About TWST
    - About TWST
    - Contact Us


* Liberum - Management Change
* Conference Webcasts
* Corporate Access
















 


The Wall Street Transcript > News





Recent Reports



recent(modified)

2010.06.28: Industrial Equipment Report


2010.06.28: S&L, Investment Bank and Asset Management Report


2010.06.28: Small Cap Investing and Other Investing Strategies Report


2010.06.14: Specialty Chemicals, Agribusiness Producers and Equipment
Report


2010.06.14: Pets and Vets Report


2010.05.31: Oil & Gas Production & Distribution Report


2010.05.17: Northeastern & Mid-Atlantic Regional Banks Report









TWST Newsletter



Give us your email address and receive the TWST Newsletter.






Subscribe to TWST



The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors
and business researchers. Thousands of in-depth interviews with CEOs,
Industry Analysts and Professional Money Managers going back 10 years.

To obtain a copy of a TWST issue/report order online or call (212)
952-7433 .







Search TWST Online



Search by ticker:

or Sector:
Aero/Defense Automotive Banking Brokers/Invstmnt Business Svcs Chemicals
Computers Conglomerates Consumer Durables Consumer Products Drugs &
Biotech Energy Food & Drink Health Services Insurance Internet Leisure
Manufacturing Construction Media Metals & Mining Real Estate Retail -
Specialty Retail Semiconductors Software Telecom Tobacco Transportation
Utilities Whlsale Distrbn

Search by keyword:








5% - 10% Top Line Marketplace Growth Forecasted For eBay (EBAY) As Global
e-commerce Continues To Rise: Buy-rated By Research Analysts At UBS
Investment Bank


September 6, 2011 - The Wall Street Transcript has just published Retail
Report offering a timely review of the sector. This Special Report
contains expert industry commentary through in-depth interviews with
public company CEOs, Equity Analysts and Money Managers. Please find an
excerpt below.

View This Special Report

Recent Wall Street Transcript Special Reports.



Brian P. Fitzgerald is a Director and Research Analyst at UBS Investment
Bank, where he covers the Internet and interactive entertainment.
Previously, he was a Vice President and Research Analyst covering the
Internet at Banc of America Securities LLC. Mr. Fitzgerald received an
MBA from New York University's Leonard N. Stern School of Business and a
B.S. in mathematical economics and computer science from West Point, The
United States Military Academy.

Brian J. Pitz is an Executive Director and a Senior Research Analyst in
equity research at UBS Investment Bank, where he covers Internet and
interactive entertainment. Previously, he was a Principal and Senior
Research Analyst covering the Internet at Banc of America Securities LLC.
Mr. Pitz began his professional career as a Consultant in the business
consulting practice of Arthur Andersen LLP in New York.

TWST: Given all the volatility and troubles we've seen recently, how have
Amazon's numbers held up?

Mr. Pitz: Amazon continues to do well. They are accelerating revenue into
every quarter. Last quarter, they put up 51% growth on the top line.
That's up from 38% in Q1 and 36% in Q4. So despite the size of the
business and a quarterly run rate at about $9.9 billion in revenue as of
last quarter, this company is on track to do close to $49 billion in
revenue in 2011. It continues to grow at an accelerating rate.

TWST: Please tell us about eBay. How do you feel about them?

Mr. Fitzgerald: We have had a "buy" rating on eBay for a while as they're
going through a turnaround. Our viewpoint has been somewhat out of
consensus as the bears argue the marketplace business isn't going to be
able to grow more than a couple of percentage points - maybe flat or 1%
to 2% on an annual basis. We disagree. Our thought is if e-commerce
globally can grow 10% to 15%, we think eBay can grow the top line of the
marketplace business by 5% to 10% at the very least. And with 5% to 10%
top-line growth for the marketplace, we believe that this stock will
definitely work.

We think they've sectioned off their business and they are selling
harder-to-get items, items that are more limited in nature, similar to
the private sales sites. And in places like the U.K. and other parts of
Europe, we're actually seeing eBay outpace overall e-commerce growth as
large brands and retailers join the site. And don't forget the eBay
marketplace has a nice 40% margin profile. The other part of eBay's
business is PayPal, which is a 20% margin business with a higher-growth
top line and compelling long-term story. Now, we anticipate growth rates
north of 20% for PayPal for the foreseeable future. And again as PayPal
becomes a fair portion of the overall business, our sense is that overall
margin inherently comes down a bit. I think the Street appreciates that.
But all in all, a better-than-expected marketplace business will be a key
driver for this stock.

TWST: The other stock you mentioned was Netflix. What's your broad-brush
outlook on them?

Mr. Pitz: Broadly, we've got a longer-term call on this name. Our sense
is, with the cost of content going up and the exclusivity of content
going down, that's potentially a dangerous mix for Netflix, especially as
other competitors with deep pockets like Google, Amazon, Microsoft (MSFT)
and others also pursue video. In addition, it feels like they've probably
boxed themselves into a corner a little bit with the latest price
increase for the service. It seems like consumer reaction has been
somewhat negative, and their anticipation is that churn rates will go up
as they head into the third quarter.

I think the stock has adjusted for that, but we feel that if other
companies continue to add more content to their free streaming platforms
- at Amazon it's called Amazon Instant Video - our fear is that over time
as there is more selection elsewhere, consumers' ability or willingness
to pay $7.99 may decrease pretty substantially. If they do end up paying
for content, then we think the model breaks down a bit. I don't think the
Street has really factored in significant content costs, especially as
the company launches overseas. If they spend a lot on content while
subscribers churn off, I think that's a bad mix for the bottom line
potentially.

TWST: Where are you pointing investors now? What are your favorite
stories?

Mr. Fitzgerald: Google remains our top pick overall, and obviously,
retailing impacts them. We estimate 44% of all e-commerce transactions
begin with a product-focused search query, with Google earning revenue as
searchers click on paid ads. The company's move into more product
search-related categories is very e-commerce-centric. And if you can't
find what you're looking for on Amazon, you are generally going to look
to Google and search for it there and vice versa.

I think those are the two big channels in terms of searching for
products. Again, eBay we like as more of the fringe e-commerce player,
the harder-to-get, out-of-season items, almost like your replacement for
offline stores like TJ Maxx (TJX). It essentially becomes almost like a
factory outlet store for goods that were new, but for sale maybe three,
six or eight months ago. We think there is a niche for that, and we think
eBay does a pretty good job. And then finally, I think there are some
other, interesting smaller-cap companies that are out there, some of the
private sales sites or coupon companies that are definitely game
changers, but we don't officially cover them, so it's harder to have a
specific opinion on them.



The remainder of this 45 page Retail Report can be immediately viewed by
purchasing online.



===========================================================================

The Wall Street Transcript is a unique service for investors and industry
researchers - providing fresh commentary and insight through verbatim
interviews with CEOs and research analysts. This special issue is
available by calling (212) 952-7433 or via The Wall Street Transcript
Online.

The Wall Street Transcript does not endorse the views of any interviewees
nor does it make stock recommendations.

For Information on subscribing to The Wall Street Transcript, please call
800/246-7673
















© TWST 2009

Who is TWST | Latest Reports | TWST Products | Contact TWST






