1-800 Flowers.com (NASDAQ: FLWS) Reports Fiscal Year Profit - Online
Investment Community - World Market Media















 -59.25 (-2.39%)  -234.39 (-3.23%)  -30.99 (-2.64%)  -0.77 (-2.29%)  +0.04 
(+0.41%)  +1.62 (+0.89%)
 












Online Investment Community - World Market Media












* Join Today for FREE
* Subscribe to RSS
* Contact Us









* Home
* Blogs


  o US Markets
  o Brazil
  o Russia
  o India
  o China
  o Korea
  o Mexico
  o Micro Blog
  o RSS Feed Directory



* Video News
* World Markets


  o Africa
  o Asia
  o Europe
  o Middle East
  o North America
  o Oceania
  o South America



* Featured Companies


  o New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
  o American Stock Exchange (AMEX)
  o NASDAQ
  o OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB)
  o PinkSheets Electronic OTC Markets (PINKSHEETS)
  o Toronto Stock Exchange - TMX



* Featured Exchanges


  o New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
  o American Stock Exchange (AMEX)
  o NASDAQ
  o OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB)
  o OTC Market (OTCQX)
  o OTC Market (OTCQB)
  o PinkSheets Electronic OTC Markets (PINKSHEETS)



* Market Data


  o WMM NanoCap Index
  o WMM MicroCap Index
  o Market Movers
  o Market Sectors
  o Oil &amp; Energy
  o Metals
  o Treasury Rates
  o Calculators



* Social Equity
* About WMM


  o Services
  o Management
  o Partners


    - Legal Counsel
    - Service Providers
    - Technology Partners
    - Research Partners



  o Charitable Causes





















* Home
* Blogs


















1-800 Flowers.com (NASDAQ: FLWS) Reports Fiscal Year Profit





tweets

retweet





Date: September 6, 2011 9:35 AM

Publisher: Tom Copeland

Categories: US Markets

Tags: 1-800 Flowers.com, (NASDAQ: FLWS), flowers and gifts, consumer
discretionary stocks, specialty retail Gift retailer




1-800 Flowers.com recently announced that its net income from continuing
operations in the fourth quarter of its fiscal year, the three months
ending June 30, improved to breakeven, or $0.00 per fully-diluted share.
This compared to a loss of ($0.05) per share in the same quarter in 2010.
For the twelve months ended June 30, 1-800 Flowers.com reported earnings
of $0.09 per fully diluted share. The company reported a loss of ($0.03)
a share in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2010.

The company also reported top line growth in its income statement. Total
revenue from continuing operations was up 13.1 percent in the fiscal
fourth quarter to $187.1 million compared with $165.4 million in the
prior year period. For the full year, total revenue from continuing
operations increased 3.3 percent to $689.8 compared with total revenue of
$667.7 million in fiscal year 2010.

Investors have noticed the improvement in operating results. The stock
price has moved about 45 percent higher in the past twelve months,
significantly outperforming the S&P 500 which gained a little more than 9
percent over that time. Even after that gain, the stock was recently
trading at a below market average price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of about
10, and the stock price was very close to the company’s reported book
value.

While many investors will think of the company as a flower delivery
business, there is actually a lot more to it than that. 1-800-Flowers.com
operates as a gift retailer, with a wide range of products, including
fresh-cut flowers, floral arrangements and plants, gifts, popcorn,
gourmet foods, cookies, chocolates, and wines. It offers its products
through the Internet, company-owned and operated retail floral stores,
and franchised stores. It has online relationships with a number of major
internet search engines and other sites.

Company CEO, Jim McCann, has noted that most people assume his business
is based around major holidays, like Christmas and Valentine’s Day, but,
he said, “It’s the everyday occasions that drive our business.”
Birthdays, anniversaries, and sympathy flowers provide the company’s
primary business, and those events are, for better or worse, happening
all the time.

Looking ahead, the company noted in its earnings announcement that it
expects to see double digit growth in revenue and continued gains in
operating margins and profits in the next full fiscal year. Analysts
expect earnings growth to be more than 40 percent over the next twelve
months and to average 16 percent per year over the next five years.



Return to Blog

Leave a Comment

Share with Friends

PDF version




* Yahoo
* Google
* Live
* Facebook
* Digg
* My Space
* Buzz Up!
* LinkedIn
* Twitter
* Ask
* Technorati
* Delicious
* StumbleUpon
* Squidoo
* Slashdot
* Reddit
* Fark
* Newsvine
* Furl
* Blinklist
* dzone
* Magnolia
* SWiK






Leave a Comment





Name: *

Email:

Web site:

Comment: *

Picture:
 



 




Characters: *

















Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Us Digg StumbleUpon Reddit Delicious
Newsvine







  NYSE   Nasdaq   S&P 500   WMM Micro   WMM Nano  






     NYSE 7016.34 -234.39 (-3.23%)
     Nasdaq 2421.08 -59.25 (-2.39%)
     S&P 500 1142.98 -30.99 (-2.64%)
     WMM Micro 773.50 -19.58 (-2.47%)
     WMM Nano 929.00 -11.69 (-1.24%)


Quotes delayed at least 20 mins.











Social Conversations









Top Stories











NET U.S. JOB GROWTH IN AUGUST---EXACTLY ZERO!---FIRST TIME SINCE 1945

September 6, 2011 10:58 AM







1-800 Flowers.com (NASDAQ: FLWS) Reports Fiscal Year Profit

September 6, 2011 9:35 AM







ReedÃ¢Â€Â™s, Inc. (NASDAQ: REED) Reports Seventh Straight Quarter of
Sales Growth

September 2, 2011 3:30 PM







TREASURYS AND GOLD HOLD INVESTOR FOCUS

September 2, 2011 2:30 PM







Newport Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFSB) Reports Slight Decrease in Earnings

September 2, 2011 9:43 AM









Sign In or Join Now






Login





Username: *

Password: *

Remember login



Register Reset password












Copyright © 2011 World Market Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Blogs
Disclaimer  •  Client Compensation Disclosure  •  Disclaimer / Disclosure
 •  Intellectual Property  •  Privacy / Terms of Use


Viestly












* 

  HAPPY ENDING OR HORROR SHOW?&#39;---WATCH FOR THE REVIEWS





* 

  Pathfinder Bank (NASDAQ:PBHC) Earnings up 12%





* 

  1-800 Flowers.com (NASDAQ: FLWS) Reports Fiscal Year Profit





* 

  TREASURYS AND GOLD HOLD INVESTOR FOCUS





* 

  Kingstone Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ: KINS) Announces Earnings Up 100% and
  Initiates Dividend





* 

  Nyxio Technologies Corp (OTCBB: NYXO.OB) Adding Android Apps to Its
  Products





* 

  VirnetX Holding Corporation (AMEX: VHC) Soaring As Patents Take the
  Spotlight





* 

  Newport Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFSB) Reports Slight Decrease in Earnings





* 

  ReedÃ¢Â€Â™s, Inc. (NASDAQ: REED) Reports Seventh Straight Quarter of
  Sales Growth





* 

  SMOKEFREE INNOTEC ENTERS INTO LETTER OF INTENT TO SELL BELGIUM
  SUBSIDIARY TO JAMES DENVERSON CORP































