Ticker Watch: Dividend Stocks Divided: (NYSE: FICO), (NGM: FPTB), (NYSE:
FRO), (NASDAQ: FSTR), (NYSE: FTR)








































































































Pages



* Home
* World Market Overview
* Day Trading Radio
* Privacy Policy
* Contact Us















































































































Subscribe for free stock alerts!






















Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Dividend Stocks Divided: (NYSE: FICO), (NGM: FPTB), (NYSE: FRO), (NASDAQ:
FSTR), (NYSE: FTR)






Fair Isaac Corp (NYSE: FICO)'s ex-dividend date is tomorrow. To receive
the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the ex-dividend
date. The current yield is 0.3%, which comes out to be approximately
$0.08 for the year.

FIRST PACTRUST BANCORP INC (NGM: FPTB)'s ex-dividend date is tomorrow. To
receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the
ex-dividend date. The current yield is 4.0%, which is equivalent to $0.46
for the year.

Frontline Ltd (NYSE: FRO) is going ex-dividend tomorrow. To receive the
dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the ex-dividend date.
The current yield is 1.2%, which comes out to be approximately $0.08 for
the year.

Foster L B Co (NASDAQ: FSTR) has an ex-dividend expiration date tomorrow.
To receive the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the
ex-dividend date. The current yield is 0.4%, which is equivalent to $0.1
for the year.

Fronter Comunctn (NYSE: FTR) is going ex-dividend tomorrow. To receive
the dividend, the stock must be owned the day prior to the ex-dividend
date. The current yield is 10.3%, which is $0.75 for the year.






Posted by Eric Savoie at 10:08 AM

























Newer Post Older Post Home














Breaking News



Loading...































Please Donate








































 

 






The reports on this site are for information purposes only and are not a
recommendation for the purchase of securities. The information contained
in these reports have been gathered from sources we believe to be
reliable, however, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or
completeness to such information.



























