Linde affiliate extends uniform and product range - Gasworld Industrial
Gas News




September 06 - 2011


Specialty Gas Report Q2 2011, Latest magazine now available
SGR Magazine &gt;&gt;











* 
* 



about subscribe advertise contact site map





* home
* news
  o latest news
  o regional
    - africa
    - america (North)
    - america (South)
    - asia
    - europe (East)
    - europe (West)
    - middle east
    - pacific (North)
    - pacific (South)

  o technology
  o finance
  o hydrogen
  o lng
  o exclusives
  o archive
  o Specialty Gas

* features
  o interviews
  o feature articles
  o regional markets
  o technical writers
  o hot topic
  o company profiles
  o gas brief
  o equipment profile
  o focus features

* magazines
  o gasworld magazine
  o gasworld russia
  o gasworld china
  o Specialty Gas Report

* conference
  o conference news
  o 2011 - middle east
  o 2011 - south america
  o 2010 - africa
  o 2010 - eastern europe
  o 2009 - middle east
  o 2009 - south america
  o 2008 - south africa
  o 2007 - middle east

* directory
  o gas equipment
  o gas suppliers
  o gas services

* calendar
* social media
  o LinkedIn
  o Twitter
  o Facebook

* blog





* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 



* Search! - 5942 articles








* 

  gasworld login


  Website login
  Register
  Subscribe

* 

  News Index


  Archive
  Magazines
  China
  Russia
  Specialty Gas
  RSS feeds
  Register


* 

  Gasworld Newsletters



  Daily & Fortnightly email
  news updates

  Learn more...

* 

  September 2011 magazine



  Gasworld Magazine
  September 2011 now published



* 

  gasworld Contact


  gasworld.com Ltd,
  Unit 2 Bldg B, Greencourt,
  Truro Business Park, Truro,
  Cornwall TR4 9LF,
  United Kingdom.
  Tel: +44 (0) 1872 225 031
  Fax: +44 (0) 1872 260 668
  Email: admin@gasworld.com






Linde affiliate extends uniform and product range


[ 06 Sep 2011, Jane Dawson, gasworld.com ]

* 
  o 
  o 
  o |
  o 
  o 
  o 
  o 
  o 


* 







© G&K Services
G&K Services employs nearly 7,500 members of staff.

Gasworld conference videos
  Aldo Belloni Dubai 2007
  Raghu Menon Santiago 2009

Gasworld news search
  Linde Group...

Further News Choose News Article Jim McCarthy named VP ... INOXCVA
expands Texas ... Linde affiliate extend... Praxair minimises insu...









TMG, an affiliate of Linde North America, has entered into a long-term
supply agreement with G&K Services, Inc. of Minneapolis.



According to the new deal, G&K will provide a variety of uniforms and
facility service products to TMG’s network of more than 7,500 customers
across North America.



Curtis Rodgers, TMG President outlined the benefits to customers.
“Customers who enrol in the new program will benefit from TMG’s national
buying power and experience a unique way to manage and monitor facility
management programs, including one-stop shopping for high quality
products,” said Rodgers.



TMG traditionally has managed programs for supplying compressed gases and
related equipment to medical facilities, such as nursing homes and
hospitals, industrial fabricators, HVAC contractors and retail outlets,
including sporting goods stores. Now, TMG can offer these customers a
range of work apparel, including corporate identity uniforms, safety,
flame retardant and high visibility clothing, as well as facility service
products.



But plans for the future didn’t end with the supply agreement. Indeed,
Rodgers added, “TMG also plans to leverage our association with G&K to
expand our reach beyond our current customer base to create markets for
G&K products and services.”



G&K Services, Inc. identifies itself as providers of apparel programs and
facility services. The company has nearly 7,500 employees serving
approximately 165,000 customers from over 160 facilities in North America.


* 
* 
* |
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 






Directory Listings
Linde Group (www.gasworld.com/company/1399)




Related Articles
Afrox product launch innovates South African welding &amp; cutting
industry (www.gasworld.com/news/5237)
Linde jointly invests &#8364;200m in Chinese hydrogen plant
(www.gasworld.com/news/5638)
MOX-Linde opens &#8364;47m ASU in Malaysia (www.gasworld.com/news/5581)









Interviews | Markets | Hot Topics


    
Hot topic Ã¢Â€Â“ Beyond the BRICÃ¢Â€Â™s
(www.gasworld.com/news/5907)  Taylor Wharton Ã¢Â€Â“ Reloaded
(www.gasworld.com/news/5908)  Photovoltaics Ã¢Â€Â“ Business is booming
(www.gasworld.com/news/5909)
Over recent months the industrial gas sector has enjoyed a buoyant return
to revenue, but undoubtedly the most pressing...  Taylor-Wharton has
embarked upon a year-long period of growth with new focus, strategies,
and plans. ItÃ¢Â€Â™s no coincidence...  When the futuristic films of the
past portrayed a cybernetic age of robotics, super computers and
artificial intelligence...




* 
* 
* 
* 

  news source


  o 
  o Specialty Gas Report

* 

  news articles


  o Gas Company
  o Technology
  o Finance
  o Conference
  o LNG
  o gasworld
  o Hydrogen
  o Exclusives

* 

  special features


  o Feature Articles
  o Interview of the Month
  o Company Profile
  o Feature Writer
  o Gas Brief
  o Regional Markets
  o Focus Features

* 

  regional news


  o Western Europe
  o North Pacific Rim
  o Middle East
  o North America
  o Asia
  o South Pacific Rim
  o Eastern Europe
  o Africa
  o South America










© Gasworld 2003 - 2011. All rights reserved. (2.334s)

* Home
  About
  Subscribe
  Advertise
  Contact
  Site Map
  Disclaimer
  Terms
* News
  Technology
  Finance
  Hydrogen
  LNG
  Exclusives
  Archive
  Specialty Gas
* Features
  Interviews
  Analysis
  Technical
  Profiles
  Gases
  Focus
* Magazines
  Gasworld
  Russia
  China
  Specialty Gas
* 
  News
  South America 2011
  Africa 2010
  Eastern Europe 2010
  Middle East 2009
  South America 2009
  South Africa 2008
  Middle East 2007
* Directory
  Gas Equipment
  Gas Suppliers
  Gas Services
* Calendar
  English
  Spanish
  Russian
  Chinese
  RSS Feeds
* LinkedIn
  Twitter
  Facebook
* Blog





