7 High Growth Mega Cap Stocks - Seeking Alpha






* See the difference! Customize Seeking Alpha: Sign in or join
* 


Seeking Alpha

















* Home |
* Portfolio |
* Market Currents |
* Long &amp; Short Ideas |
* Investing for Income |
* ETFs &amp; Portfolio Strategy |
* Macro View |
* Earnings
* 













7 High Growth Mega Cap Stocks



by: Rash Menaria September 6, 2011  |  includes: AAPL, ABV, BHP, CVX,
GOOG, PTR, XOM
   






* Font Size:

* Print

* Email
* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share





Following is a list of 7 Mega Cap Stocks with high EPS growth rate:


Ticker
 

Company
 

Sector
 

Current Year P/E
 

Current Year EPS Growth Rate


AAPL
 

Apple Inc.
 

Technology
 

13.64
 

81%


BHP
 

BHP Billiton Ltd.
 

Basic

Materials
 

9.10
 

40%


PTR
 

PetroChina Co. Ltd.
 

Basic

Materials
 

9.17
 

20%


XOM
 

Exxon Mobil

Corporation
 

Basic

Materials
 

8.37
 

39%


CVX
 

Chevron Corporation
 

Basic

Materials
 

7.09
 

44%


ABV
 

Companhia de Bebidas

Das Americas (AMBEV)
 

Consumers
 

20.14
 

23%


GOOG
 

Google Inc
 

Technology
 

14.80
 

20%


Among the above stocks, I like Apple Inc. the most. Apple is a secular
growth and market share gain story in the smartphone and tablet space and
I believe it can continue to post high EPS growth rate for the next
several years.

Apple posted $15.15 in EPS last year and its EPS forecast for the current
year is $27.41. According to consensus estimates, its top line is
expected to grow 66% in the current year and 22.5% next year. Apple is
trading at PE of 13.64x current year EPS. However, if we adjust of its
cash holdings, Apple is trading at 10.5x current year EPS and 9.1x next
year EPS. This looks cheap giving its high growth rate.

I believe recent correction is a good opportunity to build a position in
the stock before the upcoming iPhone 5 launch. The IPhone 5 is likely to
drive typical excitement during the 2011 holiday season with growth
driven by upgrades and new users. This can serve as a catalyst for the
stock price.

Sell side analyst are also bullish on the stock with median target price
of $500. Out of 57 analysts covering the stock 53 have buy ratings, one
has a sell rating and three have hold ratings.

BHP Billiton Limited is a diversified natural resources company. The
Company operates nine customer sector groups (CSGs): petroleum,
aluminium, base metals (including uranium), diamonds and specialty
products, stainless steel materials, iron ore, manganese, metallurgical
coal and energy coal. BHP Billiton Limited posted $4.46 in EPS last year
and its EPS forecast for the current year is $6.25. According to
consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow 35.5% in the
current year and 9.5% next year. Out of five analysts covering the
company two have buy ratings and three have hold ratings.

PetroChina Company Limited is an oil and gas producer and seller in the
People’s Republic of China. The Company operates in four segments:
Exploration and Production, Refining and Chemicals, Marketing, and
Natural Gas and Pipeline. PetroChina posted $11.23 in EPS last year and
its EPS forecast for the current year is $13.48. According to consensus
estimates, its top line is expected to grow 19.90% in the current year
and 16.40% next year. Out of four analysts covering the company one has a
buy rating, two have sell ratings and one has a sell rating.

Exxon Mobil Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of commodity
petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and
polypropylene plastics and a range of specialty products. It also has
interests in electric power generation facilities. Exxon Mobil posted
$6.22 in EPS last year and its EPS forecast for the current year is
$8.62. According to consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow
23.20% in the current year and 3.60% next year. Out of 22 analysts
covering the stock 11 have buy ratings, ten have hold ratings and one has
a sell rating.

Chevron Corporation is engaged in petroleum operations, chemicals
operations, mining operations, power generation and energy services.
Upstream operations consist of exploring for, developing and producing
crude oil and natural gas; transporting crude oil by international oil
export pipelines; transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas, and
a gas-to-liquids project. Downstream operations consist of refining of
crude oil into petroleum products marketing of crude oil and refined
products. Chevron Corporation posted $9.37 in EPS last year and its EPS
forecast for the current year is $13.53. According to consensus
estimates, its top line is expected to grow 22.90% in the current year
and 19.90% next year. Out of 22 analysts covering the stock seventeen
have buy ratings and five have hold ratings.

Companhia de Bebidas das Americas - AmBev (AmBev) is a Brazil-based
company. AmBev and its subsidiaries produce, distribute and sell beer,
carbonated soft drinks and other non-alcoholic and non-carbonated
products in 14 countries across the Americas. AmBev is also PepsiCo
International, Inc. (PEP) bottler outside the United States. AmBev posted
$1.39 in EPS last year and its EPS forecast for the current year is
$1.71. According to consensus estimates, its top line is expected to grow
17.80% in the current year and 10.30% next year. Out of nine analysts
covering the company, seven have buy ratings and two have hold ratings.

Google Inc. focuses on areas, such as search, advertising, operating
systems and platforms, and enterprise. The Company maintains an index of
Websites and other online content, and makes it available through its
search engine to anyone with an Internet connection. The Company
generates revenue primarily by delivering targeted online advertising.
Google posted $29.6 in EPS last year and its EPS forecast for the current
year is $35.45. According to consensus estimates, its top line is
expected to grow 30.20% in the current year and 22.20% next year. Out of
39 analyst covering the company, 34 have buy ratings and five have hold
ratings.

Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to
initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.




This article is tagged with: Long &amp; Short Ideas, Quick Picks &amp;
Lists

More articles by Rash Menaria &raquo;

* 7 Companies With High Topline Growth Rates Fri, Aug 26
* 9 Low P/E Large Caps That Analysts Expect To Double Thu, Aug 25
* 14 Undervalued Mega Caps Wed, Aug 24





3 Reasons Why Bears Think Apple Can Fail (And Why It Will Not)

Today

by Rocco Pendola


Analyzing My 5 Favorite Stocks: Still Buying At Current Levels

Today

by Cameron Kaine


Stock Stress Test: Apple Looks Fairly Valued

Today

by David Nelson


An Apple Never Falls Far From The Tree

Today

by The Ugly Truth




War On Research In Motion Ends: 'Crackberries' Re-Enter The Streets

Today

by Cameron Kaine


Will Windows 8 Merge The Desktop With The Smartphone?

Today

by Erick Schonfeld


3 Short And 4 Long Ideas Based On Fair Value Estimates

Today

by Dr. Osman Gulseven


Does Amazon Have An iPad Killer Up Its Sleeve?

Today

by Michael K. Dawson




Apple's Expanding Global Reach

Sun, Sep 4

by Posts At Eventide


6 Stocks That Can Make Money In A Low Growth Environment

Thu, Sep 1

by Atticvs Research


Apple Enters A New Super Cycle

Thu, Sep 1

by Stephen Rosenman


Should Investors Care About Apple's Size?

Wed, Aug 31

by Adam Muller






You may also like




















* Recommend

  0



  Share this page


  Share






* Email
* Print







Comments (0)

Be the first to comment on this article




Add a comment















Load All Comments



























About the author: Rash Menaria










You can now follow me on Twitter and Linkedin Twitter:
http://twitter.com/#!/RashMenaria LinkedIn:
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/rash-menaria/29/b85/376 A mix of SAC capital
investing style + Buffets investing style! My ideas have attractive risk
rewards and are primarily value ideas but the key... More






* Blog: Ras Menaria's ideas










Rash Menaria




* (115)
* 
* (17)
* (11)
* (61)
* Profile












Send Message








You are currently following Rash Menaria
Stop Following






You are no longer following Rash Menaria







About this author:
* Visit: India Equity Research


















































xx


Breaking News Updated at

 broke in the last few minutes - get the latest updates in Market
Currents. Updated at












TOP AUTHORS: The Opinion Leaders

TOP USERS: Commenters | StockTalkers | Instabloggers






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Twitter &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RSS Feeds  |  Contact
Us  |  About Us  |  Premium Program

Terms of Use | Privacy | Xignite quote data | Copyright © 2011
















