Ticker Watch: Pre-Market Movers: (HBAN), (COP), (PBI), (VRUS), (ABB)








































































































Pages



* Home
* World Market Overview
* Day Trading Radio
* Privacy Policy
* Contact Us















































































































Subscribe for free stock alerts!






















Tuesday, September 6, 2011






Pre-Market Movers: (HBAN), (COP), (PBI), (VRUS), (ABB)






Huntington Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ: HBAN): fell by 3.01% or $-0.14/share
in pre-market trading to $4.51. In the past year, the shares have traded
as low as $4.47 and as high as $7.70. The shares are currently trading
below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which indicates that the
shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The stock may bounce
back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may want to pay close
attention for a move up to the $5.36 area but be careful because the
stock may face selling pressure at this level.

ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP): fell by 3.15% or $-2.09/share in pre-market
trading to $64.35. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as
$53.59 and as high as $81.80. The shares are currently trading below the
50-day and 200-day moving averages which indicates that the shares have
been experiencing downward momentum. The stock may bounce back to test
the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may want to pay close attention for
a move up to the $68.67 area but be careful because the stock may face
selling pressure at this level.

Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE: PBI): fell by 3.03% or $-0.58/share in
pre-market trading to $18.59. In the past year, the shares have traded as
low as $18.12 and as high as $26.36. The shares are currently trading
below the 50-day and 200-day moving averages which indicates that the
shares have been experiencing downward momentum. The stock may bounce
back to test the 200-day moving average. Thus, you may want to pay close
attention for a move up to the $20.15 area but be careful because the
stock may face selling pressure at this level.

Pharmasset, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRUS): traded higher by 9.05% or $5.81/share in
pre-market trading to $70.01. In the past year, the shares have traded as
low as $12.44 and as high as $68.90. The shares are currently trading
above the 50-day moving average which indicates that the shares have been
experiencing strong upward momentum as the 50 DMA is above the 200 DMA.
The stock may come back down to test the 50-day moving average, so look
for a move back to the $61.91 area where the stock will likely see buying
pressure.

ABB Ltd. (NYSE: ABB): fell by 8.63% or $-1.75/share in pre-market trading
to $18.52. In the past year, the shares have traded as low as $19.34 and
as high as $27.58. The shares are currently trading below the 50-day and
200-day moving averages which indicates that the shares have been
experiencing downward momentum. The stock may bounce back to test the
200-day moving average. Thus, you may want to pay close attention for a
move up to the $22.20 area but be careful because the stock may face
selling pressure at this level.






Posted by Eric Savoie at 8:59 AM

























Newer Post Older Post Home














Breaking News



Loading...































Please Donate








































 

 






The reports on this site are for information purposes only and are not a
recommendation for the purchase of securities. The information contained
in these reports have been gathered from sources we believe to be
reliable, however, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or
completeness to such information.



























